e
so I'll take her friends away while she
watches and then I'll destroy her
[Music]
you think friendship you
I special
is
[Music]
I explain
myself love I
[Music]
you think friend will you
for
[Music]
okay
changing I don't know where it'll take
us
we
are will
[Music]
be
Falls
[Music]
you is
coming what they say
about I
[Music]
know who we are who we'll
be
win here we are
[Music]
know
the
[Music]
I [__] it
up ah
okay I'll try again
it's time for crying like a little [__]
section of the
song I [__] it up again am I crazy
I need to
relax just a little
bit oh my
God yeah cry about a [__] [__] yeah
exactly cry CU I can't Sol this fast
enough am I
right oh I [__] it up again I'm like
trying to go way too fast for like no
reason
okay did the song turn off it didn't
turn off for me
oh I muted it on
[Music]
accident oh
well I just try not to [__] it up this
time
again slow methodical wins the race we
where are the tortoise
[Music]
there see it's not that hard it's fine
oh my fist fell behind my desk I have to
use my grabbing
tool come here
[Music]
F okay
also at some point I'm going to release
a radio edit of uh in the name of
friendship so you don't have to listen
to me like cry like a little [__] every
time what song is it oh no matter what
2022 how
lovely chat this [__] de
the crying is cute it's just
uh if you listen to the song a lot it's
like oh my God
[Music]
relax fun
fact
um I was I was crying a lot making in
the name of friendship the
song like I was like I was crying a lot
like a lot of the crying was like real
but what funny is is I was like oh I'll
record it I'll record it for the song
and the moment I hit record I stopped
crying I couldn't cry
anymore so you know what I did was I was
like [__] I've been crying for like two
hours making this song how do I like how
do I get that back now that I hit record
it's not happening I decided to listen
to to Adrien
linker's
um new album from from last year and
that's what got me to cry
but I was actually crying like in that
recording and I was actually crying
about the song itself and the emotions I
was feeling but the moment I hit record
it I couldn't do it so I put on um
bright future by Adrien Linker and that
made me that that made it super easy to
just keep crying while I was recording
cuz you can't stop yourself from crying
when you listen to that album I
think it's just a fact of life
um come on be
symmetrical that's symmetrical enough
okay I'm going to release I'm going to
release the creatures
now you are
released You
released that's that's baddy tweeting at
me bad said
bell bell bro
uh sorry I was eating Sun Chips that's
okay
bro they're
good me too though I got the
[__] I'm eating
him we
have eating him forever okay oh him mhm
Qui no no not
quite no no
no inos bandaid reveal yeah hold up
hold Glen can we have the side stream oh
yeah one
second cool
cuz I I what was it
where's is it already healed oh I like I
like cut myself with a knife somewhere
here you can't even really see it
anymore I was like when I was taking
that picture I was like I am sort of
bleeding out right now so I'll like I
need a Band-Aid when I'm done taking
this picture
where oh this one I have this I have
this knife that I use for stuff and I
like it
cuz it's just like
a normal knife but then it has
also these beautiful scissors that won't
come
out almost did it again
the beautiful
scissors but I needed Band-Aids
yesterday I yeah I have my that's my
cute knife and then my threatening knife
is the is this fat ass
one which is fun it has like the [__]
gut the gut Edge it's kind of cute I
mean
threatening knives are
cute I'm still trying to figure out what
kind of like what kind of like firearm I
want to get at some
point I she get a rocket launcher I yeah
they'll tell me
that I
promise oh no sneeze okay the sneeze is
canceled
I was I was thinking Glock but then
after playing after playing too much red
dead I'm like what about a
revolver I'm [__] up I'm [__] up I'm
[__]
up but
anyway um they sold me a they sold me a
rocket launcher no questions as asked I
believe
you I need to get a knife at some point
knives are knives are great and they're
useful for so many
things
um like
cutting yeah
yeah uh can I can I talk about the viop
pony Monarch 2 does does everyone know
about Monarch
2 coming to theaters near you so in in
said yes Ro yes Ro in in pillor chat we
were talking about how like monarch 2
would be like Arya goes on vacation and
and uh wolf and Cadence gets trapped on
like one of the Mortal Realms maybe
maybe our planet Earth and they have to
get back to the locus they have to
assemble the Alicorn mirror shards which
are scattered across earth and they have
to build a locust they have to build a a
a a locust mirror out of the Alicorn
mirror to get back to the Locust and
we're like What if it's like just buddy
buddy uh Road Trip movie and it's like
absolutely like it's like it's like a
five out of five out of 10 star movie of
just wolf and Cadence learning to become
best friends in the middle of their
their shared
crisis we had so many so ideas like
uh do have plug nart um I made I made
plug nart you sure
did I sure did I didn't find my plug
plug nart uh
I I I made this character called plug
nart a little bit ago I'm going to show
on stream at one
point but I made this character called
plug nart who's just like uh uh the the
the narcotic specialist for a narcotic
specialist Shadow just does drugs for a
living um a agent of Arya etc etc etc
but had this idea that one of plug nar's
main domains is our world and maybe
she's holding like an underground
fighting ring for fun and and and she
she knows a guy who knows a guy who
knows where the where an Alicorn mirror
Shard is and it's like uh uh in in one
of the people they have to go find is is
plug nart they have to go find plug nart
and plug's like I'll tell you where the
mirror Shard is but you have to win a
fight first to prove your worth and wolf
is like I swore not to hurt anyone in
the Mortal Realms and Cadence's like
well I
didn't and so Cadence controls wolf like
like uh ratat like like
Ratatouille uh another one is is uh wolf
and Cadence uh find pilford out a
[__] Walmart or something Cadence is
like what what are you doing
here what are you what are you doing
here in this
universe camping crunch this is the only
place they invented
them I I kind of so it's Canon by the
way this is all Canon now I love
that Captain cringe oh here's here's the
here's the [__] stupid ass poster
made the the P the the actual pord voice
is is a
Celestia yeah and it's in the other room
right now
but yeah it insisted on holding down the
fort I'm G to we have to start record
maybe like some voice slides at some
point cuz uh celesa is like the official
pilford voice and everyone needs to hear
the the official p p
voice but it's it's great it's great
it's great I'm I'm you already know I'm
obsessed with
it you already know I'm obsessed with
it I already know everything ASMR at the
creek okay I didn't know
that I did D
said oh wait wait I don't have any art
for it but it's like where I was also
like oh arya's vacation is actually at
vid's house and we had this idea where
they form a partial Locust mirror at
some point and it's to vid's house and
like vid vid vid we need help we need to
get back to Locust we need and then like
the the the portal closes up and Vin's
like well that was really [__] weird
and then she turns around it's like hey
Arya do you want anything from like
[__] Burger King like they they
completely missed Arya was there
too I love this
lore it it's it's it's so Alvin [__]
monks
three uh-huh yeah anyway do I know
Violet Pony
music uh no we were just listening to
the song we were literally just
listening to the
song Monarch and the veronet so
[Music]
true Alvin 3
mentioned can we watch out when the CHMS
to this would be cool sure yeah yay yay
yay is this
uh that's not Fisher's Landing but I
don't know what else to say right
now oh
convergence
nice every little thing she
[Music]
does battle against the banished
sorcerer Knight
stinkle
bug I wonder if you could just type
stinkle bug but I'm scared of getting it
wrong uh uh catching on
[Music]
nice guy
oh
Survivor kill woman woman woman woman
woman woman
woman
woman woman woman what
is you this a pony B check that out Dy
said waiting for the DAT five sledges in
a row for f i want to know
mathematically what the possibility of
that is or if that's even
possible cuz I don't think they can
repeat
oh I know that one the gak
song damn
it what is
this sorry the aong is the only one I've
recognized right off the
bat hear noise in the background I don't
[__]
know what if it's what if it's a
Harper
wow sometimes when you know you
know you're the
knower
[Music]
cool very nice
Valley prom night Equestria
1988 we're going to do that one a
babscon yay yay and then I'm you're
going to pull me up on stage and put a
bomb in my hand and I'm going to blow up
all over the audience yeah that's the
plan for all intents and purposes this
is a joke and there's no threat of
terrorism at the babscon
convention
uh-huh B said Emoji k just my
what uh I don't have a list yet but I
have a bunch of songs that I could
potentially
play um some that I'm like super sure
about playing is I want to play I can't
stop thinking and prom night Equestria
1988 some other ones I have in mind are
like
Earnest uh for
[Music]
warning uh do it all
differently Paint Bucket cross sludge
not playing sludge I could don't have
the stamina for that also no one no one
at babscon is gonna want to [__] hear
Sledge
Live Well me okay
one Tracy
maybe
two okay got guys everyone here listens
to me everyone in the Stream chat
listens to me everyone at Babs con not
is not guaranteed to listen to me and
like showing up to a bunch of like
strangers and playing sludge is probably
a really scary
idea that that that would be such a
[__] hard song to
do I don't even know if I could memorize
the lyrics to all that oh I think they
are getting me they are getting me a uh
teleprompter though I'll probably still
[__] up because I still have to read and
sing at the same time but it's going to
probably help a little
bit so that's good
mhm my non- joke suggestion is in a rush
by the
way uh I don't think I'm a headliner cuz
I don't think there's a headliner at the
convention it's sort of just a group of
people playing in a
row they they are using me as
advertising though that's for sure
I I would love to do inner rush but some
of those notes are really hard to do uh
Fair um I'm trying like
the it's it's kind of hard to hit some
of the the chorus notes
like
um thinking in my head like let me get
the inter Rush byet lyrics up
like obviously it's easy to hit these
sounds like nobody thinks about the
motive to another one's move face value
is it said still you don't know the
truth oh and even then I was still so
scared maybe I'm just that dumb I
remember when they all stared feeling
like on a ride
on but then once we get here it's like a
little bit harder specifically this part
let's see if I can hit it here though
without an instrumental in the back you
got to find a way out of here cuz we
keep crushing crushing crushing crushing
cuz we're in a rush now baby let's get
from the
story and I just can't go back to die
cuz I'm feeling alive feeling alive cuz
we're in a rush now baby and we're doing
fine like that wasn't per that wasn't
great and it's still it's kind of hard
hard to hit that to be honest mhm it's
not necessarily notes it's the speed
that you have to sing them I
think I believe
you do I have an do I have an inner Rush
instrumental though
I don't think I do but I feel like I
have
a let me put this over on the side here
so I can see this and
then open
this yeah I I don't tend to write songs
that are easy to sing for myself I kind
of make my life a living hell just a
little bit
but usually it's fine I can because I
can get a couple of takes in it's like
chill oh that's not
[Music]
right trying to get the [__] try to
get this [__] to
load it's still early so it's fine but I
I'm going to close my window so people
don't freak out of
me you should do the hush monologue at
Babs that would be impossible that is
literally impossible I did not do that
in one take I did that in like three
yeah that's why I said it cuz I thought
it would be funny to I think I could do
it if I remember the lyrics
oh my God ailon thank
you I forgot I have
these all right just for
[Music]
fun uh uh
nobody thinks about the mot to another
one's
move face B you ra it head still you
don't know the truth oh and even then I
was still so scared maybe I'm just that
dum I remember when they all stared
feeling like like on a
run you got to find a way out of here
cuz we keep crushing crushing crushy
crushy cuz we're in a rush now baby
let's get from the
story and I just can't go back to that
cuz I'm feeling alive feeling alive cuz
we're in a rush now
baby and we'll do it
fine oh
[Music]
yeah maybe when I that's a difference or
maybe it's a
lie so many moments fumbling for safety
so you'd hear me
cry and I was always
everywhere in the world and in my mind
with hearts as strong as
Horses we still in the
distance you got to find a way out of
here cuz we keep crushing crushing
crushing crushing cuz we're in a rush
now baby let's get from the
St and I just can't go back to that cuz
I'm feeling a alive feeling alive cuz
we're in a rush now baby let's get from
start and we're doing fine and we're
doing fine and we're doing fine and
we're doing fine and we're doing
F and we're doing
F
[Music]
yeah uh oh oh
oh you got to find a way out of here cuz
we keep crushing crushing crushing
crushing cuz we're in a rush now baby
let's get from the
start then I just can't go back to die
cuz I'm feeling a lie feeling a lie cuz
we're in a rush now
baby and we do it
fine yeah
yeah we're doing
fine cuz we're in a rush now baby cuz
we're in a
rush oh cuz we're in a rush
oh stay
there uh uh okay well maybe I can sing
it yeah that wasn't too
bad daddy said yes R not can you prefer
the famous sound if F yeah hold
[Music]
on are you guys ready for the famous
sound live
mhm clap clap clap hold on uh and now a
surprise would make me cry hold on
[Music]
I need to get the lyrics
up that was
surprise all right here we
go I can't stop drinking oil
I can't stop drinking
oil I just can't stop I can't
stop drinking
oil
oh you know the black stuff that comes
and
barrels I can't stop drinking it I just
can't it's
tantalizing it's
addicting it is a
delacy I I love
[Music]
it I just can't stop drinking
oil I can't stop drinking oil crude oil
I can't stop gozzling it down golfing it
down golfing it
down gulfing it down guling it down
guling it down
cing it down I can't stop I can't stop
cing it down I can't stop drinking CR
[Music]
I'm Creek
flow I'm Creek
flow and I'm
Creek flow
I am Creek
flow I am Creek flow
I I'm cre
flow yes I'm Creek
[Music]
flow I Still Creek the open
Flow where Creek flows my
[Music]
is it so Creek to flow the
path already Creek flowed Me
Maybe
maybe every Creek flow in the
creek it flows away
time maybe I could
Creek
[Music]
flow when when will
I
Creek the
flow
nice Dad said why why why what the
[__] man I want
oil man I want something makes me want
to support Exxon all of a
sudden I really want to drink oil I
really really really want to drink
oil what
else uh
I'm trying to figure out if I should if
I if I play uh by the seaside if I'm
supposed to say like eyes like a
[__] Halo or if they'll get mad
at me for singing that at
babscon what are they going to do B you
what are they going to do not let me go
to the next BS
Conan I I I think I want to play by the
seaside at babscon
I like aant freaking Halo okay baddy
you baddy remember prison do you want to
go
back
no uh do I do I have I do hope the cry
yeah you're the cryb yes
bro
uh for for uh by the Sude I was thinking
thinking of doing
[Music]
like eyes just like a Halo I eyes just
like a
Halo eyes just like a Halo but don't you
dare call him an
angel boy in the pink shorts It's hard
to do the the false hold
on boy in the pink shorts it's hard when
I'm ready for it when I'm like not ready
for it it's like it's hard uh kid spot
version
I mean what the what are they going to
do if I start swearing I think maybe
it's
[Music]
fine eyes like a [__] Halo I
eyes like a [__] Halo eyes like
a [__] Halo don't you dare call
him an
angel a boy in the pink shorts his daddy
covers for sins on the pink court marus
on skin his own high his mama picked him
out a full prize well I'd rather be a
loner than a faker and I'd rather be a
[__] than a trigger they say they're
going to do it anyway so let's all just
stay safe words like bristles smile
Secret perfumes poisons in each spin do
you know the rules do you follow oh see
deze change tomorrow I've been in the H
beliefs in it's a tstep guideance social
eating I've been going on the walls and
I'm St putting my money on the game that
they're playing I can't take you
seriously I was trying to a Harmony
there that didn't work take you
seriously when you're out there staring
at me in your high
mentality we in your
reality who the [__] caption this I
win who sorry sorry I'm genius it cap
caption this I win
it's just it's just a vocal it's not a
it's not a it's not it's just a
vocalization it does kind of sound like
that
[Music]
wi
said do you think they would I would
okay so maybe I could sing right the
seaside I don't feel like I could sing
the normal version of my love as a quick
scope I think that might be too much
yeah I'd have to play the the
yeah can
[Music]
[Applause]
we it's a long con it's another show if
you're not the typ then you just can't
stay everybody knows the name of the
game but
me can girl get breath feel free to
smile it P eyes surely you can find the
brightest sh of
it me
meow meow me
meow me me
[Music]
meow words like bristles smile Secret
perfumes poisons in each spit do you
know the rules do you follow oh you see
side change tomorrow I been in the H
beliefs in it's a tstep guide on social
Eden I've been going on the walls and
I'm staying putting my money on the game
that they're playing I can't take you
seriously when you're out there staring
with me and your high
mentality we in your
reality yes I
win CHR
the winner oh my like the [__] Cap's
yes I win the Cap's killing me man yes I
win F who [__] I'm look I'm looking
who transcribed
this would you play this song live at
mcot I should yell yes I would at that
point you know what you're welcome to
you're you're so welcome too I am I
would pass out can I like can I like
have you on stage and you can can you
just like stand there and do nothing
like don't don't dance even when I'm
dancing just stand there yeah I could do
that occasionally can you like can you
like turn to me and start waving and I'm
just like who are you he like what are
you doing here but then I'll tell I'll
tell security to not take you off stage
so you're just
there like how was this how was this
person up here constantly what's going
on that's great it be so funny wait no
no at some point like halfway through
the show I'll just like by the way this
is azy I'll like point to you you can
wave at them and then just keep standing
there and do
nothing I just wanted to show you this
thing there there's a cat on stage
everyone the Viet Pony please don't
please don't Masha bson guys I I don't I
I don't think I I I don't know if I want
to see a bunch of Beres mhing like I
think that's going to be
dangerous like let's let's let's keep it
let's keep it chill I I don't even think
I'm going to play anything that's like
mhw worthy
anyway [__] someone's going to start
mhing to I can't stop thinking mhing to
for warning [__] oh my God I I hope I
I I hope this I I think I am going to
play four warning uh at the set because
for writing such an important song it's
unfortunately I I don't think silver
will be able to go to Babson
but if they did it would be so cool to
sing it with
them I have broho final list of
potential songs but that one's hard
because it has like a lot of
falsetto
to
[Music]
easy around feel free like that I can
maybe do that right now because I'm
sitting down but if I'm on stage and
dancing I don't know if I can hit that
that's the
thing what I could do is just have a
backing track but I want to avoid doing
that as much as
possible MH but maybe that's fine you
need start practicing standing up thr I
really do I guys I don't know if you
know this but I do own my vocal sitting
down so
it would probably be easier for me to
sing standing up but I'm lazy
somehow I have typewriter on this list I
don't know if anyone wants to hear
typewriter live does anyone want to hear
typewriter
live get like a really
tter I just remembered I'm going to be
wearing my ihe heart eating people shirt
at BBS so the standing on the stage pit
would be me
oh my God oh my God oh my God it was so
great it was so
great typewriter is one of the songs I
think I would forget the lyrics to
pretty
easily I I was I was practicing an
without looking at the lyrics and I
forgot like one of the lines in the
chorus not because I don't remember but
because when I'm like singing it it's
like uh it's like I'm paying attention
to singing rather than remembering
it's just really funny because it's like
[__]
anive anive no cuss wordss anonym no
cuss
wordss no it's funny I can remember the
lyrics that I can't stop thinking but I
can't remember them to anonym sometimes
but like no one knows what I can't stop
an no cuss word anonim no cuss
wordss uh I was thinking that um yeah
Nami is going to be on the set with me
uh I was thinking that I wouldn't play
anony uh I would only play it if I got
an encore and I'm not counting on an
encore cuz I don't know if they know how
to do that
there so I was basically like uh I'll
only play anff but only if everyone
behaves I don't I'm not playing anything
else from cutie marks I
think I can't I can't play Bonnie live I
can't hit that oh bunny
like oh bunny
it's kind of hard to do that without
screaming maybe I could do it it might
just sound
funny oh
bunny won't you say me I'm in pain I've
been drowning ever since you took that
picture
wow you know what I
mean wayf farer
Wayfair I could I could do
Wayfair no but I'm not playing any I I
could play Wayfair but I'm not playing
any cutie marks except for ANM if people
behave I don't know if I've explained
this but I'm I'm in sort of like
a sorry I'm in I'm in sort of like a
resent period with cutie marks right now
in my life I'll get over it eventually
but I sort of just like am bored of it
cuz like it's like it's so po it's so
popular that I'm sort of just like Jaded
by
it and there's a lot of things on the
album I wish I did
differently I should have done it all
differently I've been waiting for this
moment since we met a drift right Bonnie
life would change the TR population what
it you should sing non-existent meat
cute see that's one of the songs I have
an issue with I know um but it's like
one of my favorites uh it's just it's
just engineered so badly I could have
done it I could do it a million times
better
now but I keep feeling like I have to
like accept cutie marks for what it is
rather than what it could have
been there are some songs on cutie marks
I don't have issues with like antm's one
of them I would I specifically like lab
tested anony to be perfect
an was grown in a test tube it kind of
was like uh Pico and I both knew it was
going to go it was going to become
popular when we were working I we were
like this is going to change [__] up
quite a
bit and everything I was doing is like
making sure that like no corners were
being cut and like it was as it was as
like pristinely produced as could
possibly be the master is robust the
mies is robust I really like the lyrics
the vocal performance is great uh ANM
was like literally lab tested to be
perfect whereas like a lot of other cue
Mark stuff was really like
DIY try to figure that [__]
out
um I'd like to play little dreams
problem is little dreams has a lot of
energy compared to lot of the music I'm
I want to
play I could figure it out
I out of curiosity what songs would
everyone want to see at Babs I think I
already have a solid list of stuff but
I'm I'm just
curious Squidward live ABS [__] L
not do Ralph do Ralph like Ralph egg
though uh oh
Ralph uh oh oh oh
[Music]
Ralph
egg Ralph
EG
Ralph
Ralph oh Ralph
egg fulminated Mercury see I [__]
wish Silver was going cuz we'd play all
these songs
dude mad this time I actually forgot
about that
song mad this time won't be such a bad
idea twinkle could be
good I don't really like every dream
that much so I don't think I'll play
that I don't think I'll play
that eyes on me is
interesting I would play Twinkle if I
wasn't already playing I can't stop
thinking cuz those songs are very
similar probably not Cherry top
a lot of stuff on Queen of Misfits I'm
sort of like also
just just impartial to angelfish
mid sorry what queen of
midfit qu a
b uh there it it's difficult selecting
songs because one I want to make sure
it's a song where I'm singing a lot but
two a song that isn't a lot of
falsetto three a song where um
um it's like audience
appropriate uh for one where that
doesn't rely a lot on instrumentation
because like I'm not going to be playing
a lot of in I'm not going to be playing
instruments I might have some stuff up
on the the push but other than that
nothing
huge so it's like kind of difficult to
truly pick what the songs are going to
be I would I would love Where Do We
Begin but then also lost a lot of
falsetto that's so hard to
hit what about constellation
cradle um that that's a
possibility I could I'll think about
that
one daddy said yes through narcissist if
we PR narcissist it's basically just the
Paradise Valley set at this
point do anything around L and pony step
probably probably not especially cuz the
only the only like song that's fully
completed right now is one that's like
extremely inappropriate for audiences
like all audiences
so Ember oh
[__]
amember why didn't I think of that why
didn't I think why did I think of
Ember it's like one of my favorite songs
I didn't I think about Ember am I stupid
I think cuz I was like I would play
Huntress but still like it's also not
great for all
audiences Love by for a princess remix I
still need to [__] finish that it's
been six
years I've just changed so much as an
artist that whatever I would do would be
completely
different story of DJ goober doesn't
have any singing for me except for
Golden Light
lyrics no that wasn't the finished one
that my love is a quick SC radio makes
be awesome it's just like I don't want
to
like promote that one as like the main
one but
whatever you should play Party Rock
Anthem I [__] should though a you're
so right I'm right about everything
always wait can I hold on hold on hold
on
[Music]
party rock is in the
house [__] party rock is in the house
tonight everybody just have a good
time party rock is in the house
tonight everybody just have a good time
and we going make you lose your mind we
just want to see
you what the [__]
[Music]
party rock is in the house
tonight everybody just have a good
time and we going to make you lose your
mind we just want to see
[Music]
you uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh shake
the party rock is in the house tonight
everybody just have a good
time and we going to make you lose your
mind just wna see you shake
that
right okay Boomer right said
crazy I was I was I was genuinely
thinking about about covering that song
so I think underscores was going to do
one and then she never finished
it anyway uh on all seriousness Party
Rock Anthem is maybe like one of the
best songs of the
2010s being completely being completely
serious about that
like LMFAO is a group and their music
itself is like not that
great so like I don't know how they were
able to make a song that [__] good it
just doesn't really make any
sense
but but they did they made it it's just
it's like
perfect um the thing is is there's
already a song called Pony Rock Anthem
and I also wrote a song called Pony rock
so I was like
uh I was thinking of doing as a as in
Pon Rock
Anthem like p n
e i g h Rock
Anthem I was thinking we were doing
that they yeah no they kind of did give
up after that like
but I I think Party Rock Anthem is such
like high
art the the like you have to think about
this the progression is incredible but
it's simple the the the drop itself is
like absolutely fire but it's like not
overwhelming it's like just perfect the
the drum mixing especially on Party Rock
Anthem is just
incredible like that [__] is Punchy it's
clean it's it's got that Flack to it
that's like really satisfying for like
Swedish House Dutch house music stuff um
the lyrics are like Perfect Party lyrics
for everyone it has like it has like a a
weird feature that like just just works
really
well
um I it's this lightning in a bottle
song where like they did not they
probably did not have any reason to make
a song that good but they they did it
um and not not only that but
unfortunately the music video is really
really really good it has the your has
it has your late
2000s like Michael Bay lens flares it
has the
the absolute hyper cringe like Party
Rock Anthem Styles like the the the late
2000s early 2010s like hipster pop trash
outfit [__] it's got this like blue tint
to it that only existed in music videos
of that time period it's just it's just
it's it's a lightning in the bottle
Cinema that will never ever happen again
it's just that goddamn perfect
um it is high art and it's like actually
perfect if you changed a single thing
about the music video or the song it
wouldn't be good anymore it it's just
perfect the way it it is um Sorry For
Party Rocking and sexy I know it are
kind of all right too but
like those ones make me winse just a
little
bit but Party Rock Anthem is just it's
it's it's its Highs are so high it it it
it it's like
it's the kind of song that the average
hater will hear by themselves and be
like this [__] [__] sucks moment they
hear in the club they're gone they are
locked the [__] into that song it is it
is so powerful it is such a powerful
song
um I will go up to bat for Party Rock
Anthem for my entire life I don't really
care uh we were [__] spoiled as hell
because the top 40 charts of the of the
early 2010s were absolutely cracked
cracked I tell
you what a what a what a [__] good
what a [__] good ERA for pop music
and honestly pop music is starting to
like really pick up again in the past
couple years too um probably just more
recession it's probably just more
recession stuff that's what happens
but I I mean this so sincerely is like I
think
like pop music as anthemic as that
has I'm going to sound I'm going to
sound like a conspiracy theorist but I'm
correct pop dance pop music like that is
itself anti-fascist in nature cuz I
think the idea of seeing the everyday
person being able to to pick themselves
up wipe themselves off and like party
through some [__] is in itself some
something that fascists hate to see and
dance music has historically come from
anti-fascism
too like uh dance music has always been
the revolution dance music has always
been the sound of
Revolution and not to say that Party
Rock Anthem was created with the intent
of having any sort of commentary other
than I love to party cuz it's fun um it
in itself is a sentiment that I think
more people need to embrace I think
people need to like literally dance
party [__] and be like yeah
everything sucks but also it is possible
to exist in something good and that
pisses off certain people and that's a
good
thing having fun is anti-fascist because
what fascist has fun
I'm having fun right now everything done
for fascist perspective is always from
the perspective of
anger fun doesn't
exist does a gay little dance that
pisses you off and and the best part
about it is someone will tell you um
it's not that deep and that's exactly
the kind of person you want to be
pissing off cuz like is it that deep not
really
but it is deep at the same time because
you make it that
way art art art isn't just about the art
itself it's about the perception of
it so that concludes my my introduction
to the hypothesis of Party Rock Anthem
being an anti-fascist Revolutionary
song Do we have any homework this week
can you stay late can you stay after
class I have to talk to you about the
stapler incident oh I
yeah
yeah this this
incident anyway uh love Party Rock
Anthem I will cover it one day I
hope what incident oh you know just some
Locust classroom Shenanigans don't worry
about it
okay let's let's let's play another game
that
has commentary in it about stuff that
exists no video games shouldn't be
political video games shouldn't be I
still think it's really funny that I I
every now and then that one post goes
around of someone being like love Metal
Gear Solid because it's apolitical
[Music]
yeah
uhhuh my favorite non-political video
game so glad that Metal Gear Solid isn't
woke and has zero politics and zero
queer
characters yeah I think I saw a post
where someone was saying like wolf
inside wasn't political you know that
yeah
okay I haven't even played it and that
like hits me like a
[Laughter]
train
yeah um they like Wolfenstein isn't woke
or whatever and it's like um but I
mean it
really
okay they they don't perceive themselves
as the same as
like World War to I don't know if I can
say the word on stream uh
but as like the same as them but like
they are does that make sense yeah it
there's likeon
there I think it's most I I we've had
this conversation before but basically
almost everything everything artistic is
political in some way Aller is political
genuinely
f are both stupid and like being
oblivious on
purpose it's again it's
anti-intellectualism and it's it's so
hard to
fight it's so difficult to fight because
like if someone refuses to play on the
grounds of logic how do you like how do
you counter them because they don't
exist in the same plane of like
thought well there's a little thing
called no this is a joke this is a joke
this is for all intents and purposes
this is a probably a
joke
yeah thank
you um I mean that's what we do in this
game
right yeah
my favorite super lesbian animal RPG is
my favorite woke video
game I
hav't what's funny is like when people
call games woke it's always a specific
kind of game and never ones that would
fit their technical description because
like for all intents and purposes Red
Dead Redemption is extremely
woke but I've never heard people
complaining about
it maybe maybe cuz it's bare
minimum or or I I think the more why is
everyone trying to walk in front of me I
I think it's because people like this
game and so they don't want to call it
that because then then that would defeat
their argument
God I want to run over that
dog it's all in good
[Music]
fun it's just a video game it's just a
video game I can run over a dog if I
want to you know what I'm going to do
it I'm not going to do
it I'm going to do
it this time I'm really going to do
it don't worry we're just going to run
over the
no I'm said why why why no it's fine no
it's fine I'm
okay
[Music]
no I'm joking I'm
joking I'm
joking I'm Jer
it's the woker
baby Forest I'm joking I'm
joking it's a
joke I'm not actually going to do
[Music]
it
I'm
joking okay I think I'm getting back
into it no I
please please we've already had one
death threat on stream Jesus haven't
seen anything this pathetic outside a DI
[Music]
cat morning
partner I'm going to let it like
morning let me do the bath problem
you morning partner
yeah I'm joking guys I'm not going to do
it I was just joking when I ordered
those night barrels of TNT
[Music]
huh Waba wait is it time to
sneeze oh thank
you you thanks
bro so glad you got
[Music]
I forgot something in
town I did to go get my uh I forgot my
haton H it's a hat and
time I'm joking guys
relax yeah
I've never run over a dog in this
game I've literally never run over a dog
in this
[Music]
game I literally
never you're all right girl oh [__] is
hungry eat [__]
[Music]
can I jump to
horse you don't look do good
friend excuse
me how there
mister hi there bitcher
[Music]
I'm joking
I hey see there Mr dorl fins how nice to
see you
Majestic this is Arthur's
boyfriend oh that nice get away
Mr Mr Morgan you want to be careful up
here land is real treacherous sure real
treacherous I've been here before have
you yes funny how things turn out never
quite how you expect is it no I I don't
suppose it is what you shooting Eagles
you know the images they really are
beautiful all thanks to you I'd be some
poor creature's bad meal by now many
times over but for you that's my
pleasure please step away from the cliff
Edge but I'm trying to get an eagle
there there yeah they're beautiful but
unlike you they can fly too true you
really must think I'm a buffoon don't
you you think I'm such a dimwit I'd just
slip off the edge of a cliff no but well
maybe a little please sir I'm dense but
not that dense this area is quite safe
quite quite
oh
damn you all right I am that much of a
buffoon give me a hand please put me out
of my misery come
here oh thank you
you know what bug of the Eagles I'm
going
home you know I really did get some
amazing pictures thanks to you and
somehow I haven't quite broken my neck
you take care and you too sir sorry for
all the
trouble I love
him wasn't a very long fall
though I mean it was okay well it's a
long fall but it wasn't that long of a
fall he would have
lived sort
of I mean
lives I don't know if he would have had
all his body parts to live
with but he would have
lived unless he fell ahead first which
he didn't you all right girl
why don't you test
it I'm
joking it's a joke do it coward Dylan
I'm going to eat the whole
things my name's not Dylan he asked for
something
spooky their bones are their money their
bones are their money so are B
worms I don't want to talk to this guy
uh don't want to talk to Micah let's
just go
there Dylan
lore all right I need to head into town
to do
[Music]
something good luck sir although as we
both know I'm the one who needs it
the
photographs what are you going to do
with them find somewhere to exhibit them
I guess I should hope you'll come and
view them sure will if
uh if I
can guys do you get it it's because he's
dying he is for the dying he's the
Cadence for the
dying that's why it's funny guys
yeah he's like oh I don't know if I can
see the gallery cuz I probably will die
before then do you guys get the
joke
dead the joke is that he has
tuberculosis and he's dying of
[Music]
blood the joke is that every time he
coughs he's closer death exactly muches
cough at me you
hear oh okay
no I'm gentle and kind
remember
yeah you done good girl you done good
girl I'm glad monarch made you scrambled
eggs for breakfast
okay I need to do something in town
really
quickly what's wrong with you
huh okay full transparency I was
actually going to do it this time but
then it the game prevented me somebody
help me
out I was in the
Army the game actually stopped me from
doing it there did you see it there was
like an invisible wall that was like not
[Music]
fair to prevent you from sitting and
going to hell
forever but Center be damned
remember oh
oh how it going better watch out I am
I'm the
Watcher you already killed one happy to
assist you in a moment no I've never run
over a dog shh I've never done that no
no baddy what are you talking about I've
never done things like
that traveling mercies to you you have a
clip of it even I don't I've never done
that
[Music]
I'm like a perfect moralist in this game
of Red Dead Redemption
batty I've only done the right thing
every single
time
okay real life
okay like real life
guys I want to save the surprise for
later but here we are it's
Appaloosa yes
yes
badad
soet be so baddy it's so
bad I'm bad
no to us not kill us there is good
science and there is bad science and
that is really the point machines have
done a lot of great things and a lot of
bad things but machines are not the
problem it's the people who use
them okay then girl a horsey is so dirty
get clean
there we
go good as new
horse 1800's AI bro no I'm am I
misinterpreting or is that person just
like anti-
industrialist yeah like
heal
sorry I got red head first him he's like
sorry
all right no one laugh at what I'm about
to
do there we go you're fine easy there
girl that wasn't even a little funny I'm
hungry oh it's okay you're just giving
it a a r
yeah it's just
sleeping plug nart
no yeah good news is plug nut's Immortal
so like you got the wrong
person good
girl the way I think of plug dart's
gender is is she's a girl but she's like
one of the
guys yes but like
very girl she is real in real life she's
real and she's giving
me uh-huh
[Music]
hey there
mister getting lost okay settle down
there
waa
back yeah there's a girl my controller
rumbled communicating to me
something but of course there was
nothing
there that was actually cler's cousin's
sister's ex who
real wow yeah
[Music]
who is
that thank you it's me good to see you
back
Arthur said
Mrs a you
okay P you
sure no I ain't
sure you still working is anybody still
working the whole goddamn Place full of
people bickering fighting and lying
makes me real sad I
know I need someone to ride with me do
what finish off them odris I hear the
last of them is hold up at Hanging Dog
Ranch I don't have it in me no
more I saw col swing I I just don't care
I was a married woman you know what they
did to me and to my
husband you're the only one of these
fools that I
trust I've got to do this
I tell you what I'll do it but there's
something you could help me with
Abigail Jack John make sure they make it
I mean this whole thing is pretty much
done but when the time comes how do you
mean when the time comes you help them
what do you mean I mean help them Escape
when
I you know you and me
we're more ghosts than people but
them they they could I
know of course I will thank you Arthur
you want to ride with me now or meet me
up at Hanging Dog Ranch when you
can thanks
Arthur okay come
on poor Arthur could be running over is
happy and gleeful I mean I've never done
that in this game but like he could be
doing that if he wanted
to D said okay
[Music]
find more for a
killing
hey you seen anything down there yeah I
think there's a bunch of them down there
I'm mostly
drunk for one of them it's a fat fellow
with a beard him he's mine
okay wait do I get my shotgun it's a big
Ranch run down lots of folk there but
spread pretty thin I'll set it off and
then we'll we'll take it from there take
it from there
okay no shotgun [__] no no real plan
then oh I got a plan now come on is that
a woman Jesus who the hell is that lady
that's the Hellcat saw col
swing help let's finish this
still after us it's over
now no get behind the cover
Arthur D we don't got no
yet turn in the Halo he's got a scope on
that
rifle I try to get around him ey okay
he's
dead I I I I I don't want to waste my
time just shoot her I don't care what
she is shoot
her Jake
a
crap okay you take the barn how take a
farm
house F and he's got a beard he's mine
I'll try you come near bar we'll open up
on
you why can't I switch my weapons show
Mr Orris what we're made of
a oh wait I was doing the wrong thing
whoops he going to die real quick
[Music]
barns clear okay going into the farm a
Shady piece of [__]
[Music]
damn good for her good for her you
okay
yeah he was a good man my Jakey
we was always sweet on one
another I'm sure
yeah I miss him every day every
moment they turned me into a monster
Arthur but my memories of him they
turned her into a badass they still pure
she's a little bit of a
monst I ain't even got that
aside from my Jake you're the best man
I've
known I know the company you keep the
competition ain't too
Fierce we
uh we should get away from her
I think I need to be alone for a bit I
understand you um I want to get yourself
cleaned
up thank you
Arthur lending a hand I don't know what
that is I have a hooves
I have a
pause hello pause baddy has a
clause
great Dy said my back WI
go wee we
bro crime reported by who
sh
the [__] all right girl Arya the
huntress [__] snitched on me
dude guys should I lead everyone in
prayer to Arya at
babscon yes yes yes yes
yes I'll get everyone I'll be like all
right guys we're going to pray to the
huntress now repeat after me Spanton oh
Spanton not even their
name of all men you are the
best May the hym of the Angels Sing thee
to thy
rest but first the national
spon happy birthday
[Music]
God all that's left is the [__] m
mission right
now that's going to bring us to the next
ACT I
feel I think would Arthur react he was
sent to the
Locust I don't know but I think he'd
[__] with Arya cuz Arya is a
hunter yeah
you good
girl do you think Arthur would like
lamper Everyone likes lamper no one
dislikes
lamper okay
I think John would really [__]
with good
girl I think Arthur would would go to
Wolf and be like you and me we're not so
different you know what I mean
mhm sadian want have a talk yeah no they
yeah they yeah must
certainly that's a good
girl that's a good
girf that's a horse oh my bad I
forgot that's
okay I'll be right back okay I'll start
counting 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13
14 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25
26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38
39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51
52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64
65 66 67 68 69 70 71 7 72 73 74 75 76 77
78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90
91 92 93 94 95 96 997 98 99 100
101 102 103 104 105 106 107 108 109 110
111 112 113 114 115 116 117 118 119 120
121 122 123 124 125 126 127 128
129 130 131 132 133 13 4 5 136 137 138
139 140 141 142 143 144 145 146 147 148
149 150 151 152 153 15
155 156 157 158
159 160 1601 162 163
164 you spend 164 seconds
away that's like a little it's like
almost 3 minutes mhm
hours oh
sorry easy
now you're about to go to sleep and then
you saw that I was counting on the
stream so you came here
immediately I C
It Be With You momentarily okay how long
do I have to wait service should I start
counting 1 2
4 have yourself a nice trip [__] off
Christ this guy do no one to shut the
[__]
[Music]
up what do they call it a ker if it
doesn't I know I'm a lot better at it
than that for that purpose yeah you're
the
counter yes
Verona baddy in Verona We Trust right
Boomer bad said
yes
mhm pull up with a muppet which one
would you
choose uh
what's the white
guy Swedish thank you yeah hey did I get
in your
way time this we I'm with you wait step
on the
poop do
it come on I'm trolling my
horse yeah there's a girl am I
hallucinating or is there a muppet
called shrimp or am I
wrong no I don't
so I've I've I I need like a really
authentic answer please don't troll me
is there a muppet called shrimp or did I
make that up in my
head you done good
girl there isn't
a but there is a character who's a
PR okay that's close
enough his
is oh
[Music]
oh he apparently gets offended if you
virgin oh okay on you good girl my
bad when are you robbing another bank
that depends if we're talking about in
real life or in the video
game in real life is our about to come
to the list yeah
exactly two birds with one two ponies
with one bullet I mean sorry what the
hell
don't worry about that one
bould I'm just carry this deer around
for one
R yes so
true okay here's the mic
one ah there he is old black lung Morgan
shut up was you followed excuse me was
you followed you know who you're talking
to I ain't sure I ain't sure about much
no more all I know is there's law
whenever you're around is that so cuz it
seems to me that since you've been
riding with us there ain't been nothing
my trouble stirring things up all the
time getting in Dutch's ear seems
wherever you is there's Pinkerton and
vice versa so you better watch your
goddamn mouth boy
or take it easy cowboy you're going to
do yourself a Mischief we your head m
shut it he started it dut says we is to
go on with plans to create a diversion
we got to get some explosives to blow up
the bridge keep the Army out of here a
few days I think it's a real bad idea I
don't think Dutch cares too much what
you think that's clear we got to confuse
them one last time then he and I will
head to Blackwater collect the money and
help everyone leave he's got a boat
lined up blackwaters a Fool's erand
everyone knows it even a greedy [__]
like you it's Dutch's Choice Arthur
you're just a senior gun same as the
rest of us only you ain't well I'm fine
then you'll do Dutch's biding which is
robbing a stage that's coming from
ansburg full of explosives rob a stage
all we seem to ever do is Rob a stage
you and me not me you two I got my own
planning to do you boys got this [__]
guess we have come on Arthur and cowpoke
and take it easy you could do with a
vacation is there how do we like how do
we mod M out of the
game
girl easy have fun boys M says we should
jump it as soon as it comes through van
hor it's funny when I joke about from
him now I'm taking orders from Dutch
same as
always I'm the funniest Muppet in
this you hear about Dutch killing
Cornwall well that needed to be done
right now the pinkerton's breathing down
our next hey hold up a second Pinkerton
Patrol over there okay I think we're
clear let's head off so he was just
talking about
some see I'm starting to think that
you've gone soft
Morgan yeah is that all you have to
[Music]
say okay let's hold up here
so wagon will be coming from that way
down from
annesburg and it'll take the two of us
to stop it completely or it'll never get
done so I was thinking you go play
dead and I'll take care of them no I'm
the better shot and you you're the
better actor no you play dead and I'll
cover you I got that I got
that oh that them coming now now I think
it'll be quite the show
[Music]
F go
moving go
on youest place these people move you
wiot
[Music]
move come on let's get you out of
I'll kill
[Music]
you we
have help that was a close one you're
not get out of here alive
making a run for
it come on N quick let's get the
explosive all
right let's see if we can get this back
to Camp without blowing our sells
up nice shooting back there nice drug
plane comes
naturally I could use a drink after that
yeah no just never goes easy no more
does it
[Music]
get
away oh [__] they're aiming for the
[Music]
[Applause]
dynamite Dam it there still more behind
us
[Music]
on our
AR shoot
before they blow us to high
hell what about Lowell cuz that's where
it is
[Music]
remember
oh just like funny
right back to Camp uh-huh what do you
think I'm doing okay I don't see any
more all right that's where mic needs to
go oh that was
close don't reckon I'm cut out to be a
dynamite wagon
driver killing a bunch of folks so we
can rob some Dynamite blow up a
bridge this make any sense to you it's a
distraction
so it ain't meant to make sense it
should to us it's our plan you know I've
had it with the
moment look there's M up ahead oh good
my favorite
person
whoa so you got it we got it yes we got
it what's wrong Arthur nothing at all
boss joh go drive this over to bakas
bridge get a hidden near there he really
does think he's in charge you go on
ahead I need to speak with Arthur good
work
son what's going on listen I know we
ain't always seen eye to eye and uh you
find me irritating and a threat and I
like to annoy you but right now I'm I
need better from you Arthur okay Mah
whatever you say I ain't the bad guy you
think I am Arthur but I am a survivor
stick with me and you'll live oh the
bridge is probably a two-man job you
should probably go help marsten why
don't you like I said Dutch and I got
planning to do for the train there's a
big picture here Arthur trust
me man
I super don't trust him is the thing
that's the problem is like there's no
reason to trust him at all at least
Dutch is a good Comm man my
girl finally thank [__] God my
shotgun so tired of not having my
shotgun I have no items
what do I have a $20 Bounty and Handover
for or new Handover whoopsy
daisies running over a dog I have never
done that in this game at all uhhuh
whether on purpose or coerced
uh-huh
yeah anyway I'm going to Valentine where
that dog
is I'm I'm not thinking about I know
you're already here here if I hit the
wall you'll squeak
yeah
great yeah I'll leave it out in an hour
girl okay thanks fluffy only gets wet
food today I'm
sorry is this the
guy baddy you're fine you're
fine is this the guy who keep yelling
for his mate Gavin and sandon and I kept
ignoring him so now he's out in the
woods trying to get me to [__] the
[__] gift of just like people who are
desperate for attention
hey
mister listen have you seen I'm looking
for my friend
Gavin I don't know any Gavin I'm afraid
English bloke lovely fell he went
missing and uh now I'm all
alone good
luck that's uh that's too
bad why kin
okay hey there
girl I am so
worried what are you [__] Waggy or
something
where are
you where are you
[Music]
you're fine you're fine you're literally
fine you're a voice you're
fine there go
therey you can just text Gavin literally
is this guy
stupid there's a
girl he loves Gavin so much he's changed
his full legal name to Gavin's
friend out of there stranger shut the
hell
up hey that's a nice looking horse you
have there already spoken better ain't
faster than mine though Ariel's my pride
and joy you're pushing me why don't we
race to Van Horn The Trading Post
ain't interested
fell quit
it
yeah hor throw
[Music]
leave it
alone funny funny funny funny funny me
you're bully there we go I got it yeah
that's my girl you're fine you can go
eat it go eat it
said evil Bo easy
[Music]
there are some Pinkie pies over there I
have to avoid
[Music]
them you good girl I'm the thron out of
this world
y easy there
[Music]
you the gr of gr B
mhm so be
[Music]
kind real good girl real good real Go Go
real
go
oh oh it's not working sorry sorry sorry
sorry sorry sorry sorry it's okay okay
thank
[Music]
you out there mister help me please
all right let's see if we can get you on
your feet
B he leg hands up now do it I ain't
going to repeat myself hold it guess you
got me lady godamn
fool on folks
[Applause]
[__] okay all
right
okay are you a kind of
rut don't no she blocks us all in the
dungeon and forces us to drop for
her
what said
yes thank you
everyone I'm I'm confiscating your rice
cakes for this
week no wait I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm
sorry I'm sorry the kibble can
wait what the [__]
easy there
girl hey there
mister hey there
blister you're a you're you're the [__]
of my life
I really don't want this dog anymore I
might go give it to
someone show up
now you okay girl good
work I rashed my
horse there
girl help the
blind help the blind I've done
that help the blind
hey
partner don't speak to me
relax
damn abdominal structure for you and
me y
hey
there don't do
it don't do it
over
here you can rest now girl
all right time to
decide oh the animal's not
here thanks
hanging up my a folks you hungry Act
Fast oh I remember you lost a bit of
weight there it looks like you should
get yourself over to smithfields for a
hot meal if I wanted a doctor I'd have
gone across the street of course I
didn't mean anything B so how can I help
you
today he even he said get
fatter turn him into a beautiful fat
[Music]
man welcome welcome come on in yes
room's all yours head on
up Arthur bath time
gameplay he looks he looks so
happy can I be of any assistance in
there I'm all right
thanks all right suit yourself
might be different if a man started
knocking okay
okay
okay okay
I like that your stamina is increased uh
instantly starts coughing instantly like
come on man feel feel
better this guy has been here for like 3
months
what are you going to
say you ugly bastard you're getting old
old and kind of sad no wonder they all
leave
you you s idiot you ain't fooling no one
B said R be so gentle and kind remember
what Arya said remember Arya said Arthur
remember
that hello
[Music]
oh
thank what are you
doing
huh is that allowed Dy said want the RO
few kills there
nass is it allowed to do
that okay
girl
oh that was amazing
okay it's literally a meow moment to you
I trained him to do this to do
this welcome back shut
up the hell the things you see in this
place little advice treat your game with
respect you get a better kill don't use
10 bullets what more them do even better
work on that bow and arrow cleanest way
there is
man I shot it a million times cuz it was
funny not because I needed
to dude it's like you shot it way too
many times I know I know it was cuz it
was funny it's cuz it was funny to shoot
it a million times cuz I didn't need
to it wasn't funny to
me why
not okay sorry you're the cryb weather
for hard
work here is 10 KES
yay said be so kind be so kind be so
quiet be so gentle be so
funny yeah
yeah Mario oh my God is Mario in here
what the [__] sorry that was just me I
was being funny I don't believe you I
that was
Mario okay
okay yeah
[Music]
all right
girl that's a good girl
[Music]
wait I forgot to go to the
store what did I just eat I'm going to
the grocery store oh my bad I ate
cocaine gum
[Music]
I didn't mean to but I did why did you
eat gums I don't know I'm sorry it was
just I don't know it it it's tantalizing
it's
addicting cocaine is really funny you
should laugh now
Mario
no not really why why why why
[Music]
why I'm going to the grocery
store I'm going to the grocery
store I'm going to the Mario store
that's Mario
you why are you buying groceries at the
Mari something to run over
no be so
kind he
you ain't been through in a while have a
look around good morning hell partner
you look like you dropped some weight
there yeah a bit might want to pass by
doc Callaway while you're in town maybe
thanks everyone wants Arthur to be a
beautiful fat man exactly they
understand they understand that this is
the way
I'm buying it
all one for each one for each
said
I okay BB
okay
right all right have a think about
it thanks for your
assistance does the doctor even have
something the general dust St doesn't
have
out of the damn way morning
friend ah I remember that face my
medicine's been keeping you healthy I
trust feel free to
[Music]
rowse price there is on the shelves not
quite
so only the potent tonics are sold okay
got
that that's the only
difference oh thanks
doctor thanks
partner thanks
partner actually I'll check
the what is the matter with
you what's the matter with you I don't
know okay morning partner who am I so
what are you aiming for
today okay now let me
see yours now
I'm just buying all of
them one for
each one for
eight
mhm mhm
fine
peace you know what I bet I can make
this piece work a lot better for you
bolts triggers Parts back here you love
it good good
I bet this will shoot better with some
new sides smile on your face guaranteed
the white
ACC Jacob worth is a friend of mine I
admire him but he's just about the worst
poker player in all of
Valentine okay I'm
sorry well soon
what the heck no bonus
microphone more Bounty posters to go up
the more people flock to my shop plenty
reason for that
Valentine carry it with
pride how about you get some new sites
for this huh Yep this is the one how
about you me some new Mounds for this
right we can do a lot with this new
trigger brand new bolt your pick you
love
it you love it you love it I bet this
will shoot better with some new sides
uhhuh uh-huh
be would be going crazy right now I sold
my old blunder bus to a bounty hunter
last
week that boy's out looking to get
someone that's for
sure oh be's been that's great be's been
going crazy over Gundam in the other
chat right now yeah being in Celestia oh
my
God that's awesome that's great yeah
you need anything else let me know oh
hell Mister you look like you've been
all whiskey no stew you all right I've
been better but I'm
okay well let me know what you
need why is everyone just like you're
not fat enough you're not fat enough
you're not fat enough you're not fat
enough on
okay smile on your
face all right let's uh
there oh my God stop it literally wants
to be run
over like please please please it would
be so funny it would be so
funny the game is testing you game is
testing me
this thing is
crazy she's so
beautiful in
there
there on I'm going to get
my BTY you may turn my volume down or or
mute me for now cuz I'm going to be kind
of
annoying Emoji cry so bad
[Music]
good
girl
[Music]
yeah thought that was a spy plane
y
[Music]
no matter where You' done good girl
I real I should be drinking these
there
girl
Hello what H
hello
hello poy
is
oh I'm rubil
yeah there's a
girl
[Music]
yep holy [__] their profile picture is
skaria That's So
danger what the [__] what the
juice said holy [__] hold up
Arthur's a little
drunk never mind Arthur how you doing
nervous but I've been nervous for a
while I had a lot of time to think in
that jail and feel like I just don't
know Dutch no more you ain't the only
one and this plan to get us out it just
feels I don't know like he's stringing
us along I
know Killing In Cold Blood Revenge we
all do bad things but he seems to enjoy
it now it's like he just wants to create
more enemies more chaos yeah I know I
mean I love
Dutch he saved me a long time ago
feel like in sandon KN when I got
arrested maybe he could have done
something I feel like you should take
your woman and child and get lost do you
you can you could give something to Jack
it's that or well I don't see no way out
of this what about loyalty loyalty what
matters what are you going to do I'll be
okay but do it for me it would make me
feel
good if that makes any sense a little
but listen to me when the time comes you
got to run and don't look
back this is
over and now now we got to help Dutch
give the Army one final tweak on its
nose yeah come on help me with the rest
of this
well it looks like we finally found our
calling in
life let's ride this thing out onto the
bridge there's a spot about a third of
the way across where we can get down
underneath to plant the charges I've
already set up the Detonator sure let's
get this over with you hear about Dutch
and Cornwall yeah this is what I'm
talking about more enemies more chaos I
mean we're about to blow up a bridge for
Christ's
sake all right stop here's
good we sure got a lot of this
stuff we'll need it
I'll climb can you turn the drunk off
I'm not going to but I'm
curious all right maybe you can't maybe
I'm being trolled that's fine down there
you lower the crates all right let me
know when you're ready
I
the ready when you are got it I'm at the
bottom of the ladder here to your
left there's good lower it
down now don't Drop It come on all right
take it hello that's not something we
want to drop that's it nearly there okay
good grab the other one did I drop it on
purpose accident sorry accident
[Music]
I know John can't die cuz he's in the
Red Dead one nice and
easy got it all right come down here and
help me plant this
stuff I need some help down
here okay grab yourself a bundle from
the box the bridge is wired to the Dead
Detonator we need to attach each of
those bundles to the fuses there's one
on each of the main support beams okay
okay I should go get the hand cart ready
you okay to finish off down here sure go
on I can handle the rest I'll see you up
there this better work
hope this is enough to blow it these are
mine in charge they ain't easy to come
by if they don't do the job nothing
will sorry John the pathic down here is
weird [__] I think I hear something
coming Arthur
train Arthur get up here quick yeah I'm
on my
[Music]
way F buddy come
on [__] Arthur a train come on quick
pump this stupid thing hard as you
can let's go let's go just get to the
end of the bridge and jump faster get
ready to jump it's right on us come
on thank you no
problem that just ain't how I want to
die come on
on let's go blow this thing
up the train was slowing down cuz you
can't actually play it fast
enough it limits how fast you can I
think the line held you want the honors
sure
well I guess old dust got all the Smokey
wants let's hope so you really think
that that'll draw attention away from
us I guess we'll see tell the truth I
ain't even sure I fully understand
Dutch's playing with all this like I
said John when the time comes you go
what about loyalty to
to everything you've been loyal I've
been loyal look what that cost you know
all that ever mattered to me was loyalty
he all I knew it's all I ever believed
in well not anymore
John
soon you got to
go
go don't look
back I'll think about it I've done a lot
of things
look at
us out here risking our nection for what
exactly for an idea that don't work no
more how you mean you know just what I
mean you got a
family you need cash you need to start
building a life for
yourself
mean I need a vacation
and Dutch has all the
money for
safekeeping you know
something
Abigail thinks she might know where some
of that money
is we're going to rob Dutch well you
tell her she better make
sure and then come talk to
me and we'll find out just who and what
we should be loyal to
I don't know Arthur nor do
I but I'm seeing things a lot more
clearly
now I wish things were
different but it weren't us you changed
po Arthur man
[Music]
[Applause]
I was just curious how those
worked sir mebert
[Music]
let's get our horse
on you all right
girl where we
going
okay that's all there
is yeah that's my girl
easy you good
girl all right Albert we're going to
Pringle town okay we're
there's he
girl oh my
goodness yeah hor yeah that was so
brilliant of you
[Music]
hi there mister friend how are
you I'm gay
[Music]
just take my plane stringy meat if
that's
[Music]
okay easy there
you ain't looking for gold here is you
cuz uh I called
it all right I'll leave you to
it m
good girl get some hay
easy there
girl
yep all right girl
[Music]
you done good girl
there we go
[Music]
okay there you again
what it's your
deal
Mister this is total Madness I know it
is but I can't stop no I
can't I'm feeling very abandoned you
know
very
ignored see I I I asked
for for for a
message and he gave me the whole
world but no signal I can
understand all these all these people
and and none of them quite
right hipip that's very
frustrating the the whole world
wasn't that
enough
no it wasn't
enough it wasn't enough at
all that's a problem I'm so I'm so
greedy I'm awful
interesting the dialogue isn't the same
this time so
whatever be that
way let's go
girl this part of the map is just weird
[Music]
dude this where all the weirdos
are oh
oh no's weird in a good
way oh okay
so why are these two still here old Pals
and M they're getting real comfortable
we need guns for what's coming Clon Joe
know how to
fight it's lucky I bumped into them what
is going on Dutch what is happening to
us what's happening to you you show him
some respect excuse me Mr vanderlin Mr
Morgan Char they tried to kill my people
for oil for oil today we ride once more
ride with me ride with us ride with us
against the factory I love your courage
son it is a thing of great Beauty stop
everyone
stop my son my last son
don't when I was your age I
fought I saw death I killed the men I
knew were
slain my first born your brother had his
head smashed by a drunken
Soldier my wife had her throat
slit I made
peace I knew not to trust yet I had no
choice
maybe you were right maybe the slow
death is worse than the fast
one maybe none of these men are good
maybe a world in which they came to us
is a world that we cannot
endure but endure we must father you are
tired do not die for Pride my son we
have suffered too much in this trick the
Earth the water they have no Pride
they endure and we must
endure my only boy my precious boy do
not mistake my strength through
weakness as your Chief I implore
you your words mean nothing to me Father
don't run with
me
stop please stop
man please Mr Morgan have to help me
after we spoke this is just a
trap my son my people will all die you
help this fellow Arthur please what of
it what else you've been doing behind
Dutch's back what the wars are over we
have lost these young men will be
annihilated
please I'll see what I can do Charles
who else will come with me oh all right
Arthur who knows what other secrets I'll
learn about who else I will and me me
too Lo and me I
guess what all is all right man let's
ride
out yeah
yeah what else have you been doing
behind my back Arthur I was trying to
stop this mess from getting any worse
anything that didn't work why the hell
would they attack the oil fields what do
you mean it's perfect this was your idea
partly the Army the government the
industrialists they've taken everything
from these people wouldn't you want to
fight back
you've handed them a death sentence just
like John if we hadn't got him out of
that prison hey show some goddamn
respect you'll know when I ain't showing
respect bill I had a plan I still are
always the figh what plan what goddamn
plan Dutch
Tahiti Tim to that's enough what's wrong
with you all what happened to Loy guilty
yeah what did thank you Javier bill
right now it doesn't matter how we got
here these men need our help I have a
plan this is the plan so either stick
with me or cut loose because I am tired
of this constant desent long tired of it
now come on
[Music]
music is
crazy main six assemble I'm actually the
seven horses I forgot Spike come on
now look up ahead it's one of them are
you all right
son eagle flies he needs help they all
need help quick somebody help them no no
go please hurry I'll be come on
[Music]
it's a
massacre we got to help these men and
anyone see eagle flies there going
across the
walkway got what you wanted touch you
coming Arthur I'm going to try and save
him his fight is unwinable you go and
stract them and let me get to him have
it your way the rest of you ride with me
let's meet up at the factory let's
ride go with him try and help there I'm
better off alone we're riding with you
come on
then let's
R oh
[Music]
that's goddamn power
off the horses we need to get the eagle
flies come on let's find eagle
flies look
out you
bastard now you got
fight AR you you're up against the US
Army
[Music]
in these Su [__] I've had it with
you let's down the
goddamn
murderers
[__] let's get over the
[Music]
bridge quick let's get across the bridge
Arthur get up thank you all of you we
need to go where are my men where are my
men we saw some fighting by the factory
that's where Dutch is gone let's go
quick any men we see we must save them
let's find the others we need to get in
the factory build you thought we
wouldn't fight
all of you to die come on make them pay
cow we will kill you all take the cover
okay no cover I guess now oh that what
s of
[Music]
[__] that was kind of crazy
oh oh
[Music]
[Applause]
we're going to leave you
with get away from me
[Music]
ah watch out for the
or
what oh you died no but I'm so good at
this game but you
died let's find the others we
need get of the
factory you're coward all of you
God damn card you bastards drive them
back you people don't get
to barely hit
him don't kill
you kill
you more we'll kill all of you
just in
time down
the godamn fire us this water is just
how many of you does it take you think
you're
a
yes you're nothing but Mur
coming
out kill all these son of
[Music]
[__]
back [__] a
something come on let's go through the
train get off
me where's
that what
[Music]
oh it wasn't me this
time Peter Griffin
died please don't start me a million
miles away again Peter Griffin
fortnite get ready we need to get in the
factory build
you're I'm so sorry everyone
son what a weird [__] checkpoint you
want all die fine by me you bastard
here got more of them how can you just
stop [__]
[Music]
around Dam you move
upam this
people was I shooting at
s this
R be a problem
look out more of them coming out of the
train
God bun of
cowards [__] this whole place is going
to go
[Music]
you have you thought we would have
fight please please the [__] aing I
swear to God
[Music]
I wish I could express beyond words the
kind of resistance the game gives you
like I'll be pushing my control I'll be
pushing the analog stick like far and
Far and far and it won't move an inch
and then I'll push it just a tiny
centimeter further and it will start
zooming across the screen it's
crazy get
come on let's go through the
train this is
it bites needs help
[Music]
oh like
that many of you does it take yeah the C
me mechanic is Inc consistent which is
why I'm not using
it yes for now come
on let's finish
this let's move on
[Applause]
this you made it oh we got this son God
damn you
[Music]
I've had it with you fools
don't say none of them stand it no more
so good of you to join us hello son hey
saved your life you did you're quite the
hero Arthur ain't you just a regular
good guy same as always what is it with
you Arthur what is it I don't get you
don't get you no more oh the doubting
the doubting come on get him out of here
all of you come on let's go finish
things finish what oh the doubts you
know why I wanted them to attack this
place I have no idea aier you get them
and you go until I find all my men I'm
not leaving as you wish rest to you get
out of here I'm staying with
you we're getting our ticket out of
here we need to find the office it's
upstairs on the other side I broke in
here before to get those papers for
eagle flies that's better Arthur a
little help Come On Son what are we
looking for money you fool the money
there's State bonds here lots of them I
thought you were paying attention old
Cornwall had a deal with the state he
was being paid to develop the region
against the federal government's wishes
as they didn't want problems with the
Indians anyway so we get it and we're
done we're almost free
yes if we're right we've had tough times
the toughest of times but come on don't
doubt me no
more search the place I got to be here
somewhere
no I've been here before check that
cupboard by the door
[Music]
I got some
cash not
much I got
him I got
him I got him this is
it the sa
bonds how much it's a a few thousand
worth Maybe
more oh we are nearly there Arthur we're
nearly there Mr Morgan let's go
home let's get out of here
Arthur something feels very confusing
[Music]
get fatter get
fatter did you hear
that gentlemen we're here for you
friend get in there shoot him find him
now come
[Music]
on come
on we have got to get out of
here where's that coward me
orur like
[Music]
come on
arth what
[__] what let's go come
on you got one a white One D I need
help hey need
help
wow
what you you silly
fool come
on you saved my life more than once to
give mine for yours it's as it should be
come on this [__] guy we need to go
you you ran away oh I did no such thing
don't be a fool they could be back here
any minute we did it
gentlemen well we got some money and
with the train
job but we got a whole lot of money come
on
on everything is coming
together exactly as I
planned I've got to take the boy to his
father as you wish usually he is
nowadays
sure come on we got to get back to camp
and prepare getting out my [__]
nerves so bad I'll be back when I can
I'll stay with you and me of course and
so will I no get out of here please this
ain't going to be nothing
nice be safe Arthur all right come on
let's get him to what p as fast as we
can Charles is always always the me
beger go of all history time our
men we must go back for the bodies we
will save your strength my friend I'm
sorry about this about all of this you
have nothing to be sorry for you know
dut
dutches I guess my thinking is he used
you he wasn't trying to help anyone but
himself and his own crazy principles
we're grown men nobody made us do
anything maybe I'm talking for my people
as much as for yours we saw he turned
crazy
and we couldn't believe it and we
followed him anyway things should never
have gone this far you see seen the
situation on the reservation better to
die fighting than sick and weak maybe
but
you your people deserve
better you okay Charles not
really all this death and for what just
so we can have enough money to be able
to run away from what we've
done there used to be some some reason
to It lines that couldn't be crossed we
even helped some
folk those lines been gone for some time
now the time has come for us to draw our
own lines Arthur decide where we go from
here I swear back there Dutch just stood
and watched if it wasn't for eagle flies
I'd be I know I feel like he's descended
into the kind of man he told us never to
be
maybe he's just become more who he
really is
I don't know anymore I just feel like a
fool that money those bonds whatever it
is I don't want a scent there's too much
blood on it let's just get this boy to
his
father your friend here my
friend He's a brave man
Fearless always has been this won't be
in vain we will try to round up more men
from the north wherever we can manyi are
ready to fight no this is over for all
of
us P
yes it's okay brother save your breath
we're not too
far try to hold
on you'll be with your father father
soon hold
it it's the chief's son I think he's
been
shot oh no he is wounded
[Music]
bring him to
me ah
[Music]
h
my
son what are they you going to do now
they must move and
fast I'll stay and help them yeah I'll
stay too no my
friend you have others who need
you good
people oh
Charles I'm sorry but
we we must pack and move
this [__] Dutch
man he's got to
[Music]
go come on now huh
please drink drink
this rest a
[Music]
minute I got go
oh it's the German family from before
[Music]
well everything's great
why is it telling me
how money splitting with the with the
gang
works in the side
corner hello
yeah get
back yeah there's a girl
[Music]
yeah yeah that's my
girl that's my
meow hey
now
[__] good girl
why does it always vibrate my controller
when I walk over that
area same corner
[Music]
whoa
easy feeling all right Morgan
well at least you ain't run off what you
talking about Pearson left Old Uncle the
traitors both gone at dawn they said
young Tilly they were running to save
themselves I think Mary Beth left as
well so it goes they are goddamn cowards
Arthur cowards of all the time we spent
to run off well I guess they don't want
to die Dutch ain't nobody going to
this is a tough time and you ain't you
ain't doing too well but we our
community we will
survive they will not crush us I hope so
but if we let Jack and the women free
well then maybe we can freedom for no
one in this country no more Arthur
one more Big Score we got enough money
to leave all this turmoil has the army
and Pinkerton spinning we take a boat
and slip away I don't know what you're
saying Dutch but it seems like I've
heard it all before just one more a
goddamn train Arthur this is different
we know this is full of cash Army
payroll money and supplies to repair the
bridge that you blew this is all going
to plan we rob Uncle Sam and we
leave the Poetry of it all what do you
think it sounds
wonderful hell yeah I ain't got much to
lose
but you know the women and the children
and John and his family I'm afraid I
have to insist I mean we got to let them
go cuz if the Pinkerton come through
again they will kill kill everyone
John
insist
yeah
insist of course pal whatever you think
is best I will see to it huh now we
going to rob a
train sure
we will
survive we will
flourish we have work to do my friends
let's go come on we are going to borrow
a little money from Old Uncle Sam and be
out of his hair once and for all he
insists upon
it
insists let's ride out
Gentlemen let's
go yeah
one more job that I'm out of the game
for
good etc
[Music]
etc okay let's pick up the pace train is
due in sand a KNE in an hour We're
robbing a train in the middle of a city
no it's going to stop there take on mail
and water let off some boys head home on
leave and then it heads out they know
the bridge is gone black lung there'll
be a patrol past anisur waiting down by
the river to collect the money we stay
gone quietly and then we got a short
time to stop the train before it reaches
the patrol
[Music]
easy you go get that Dynamite we me back
up outside of
s I'll go with
him come on it's this way I HD the wagon
down here after we blew the bridge this
is one big godamn group of us to be
riding back in sand and KN yeah I heard
the Pinkerton are pretty much taking
over Van Horn moved a whole heap a minut
in there things are closing in fast
[__] should be just through these trees
there it
is I'll get the dynamite no I can do it
sure I'm fine okay it's in the back
horse
jump got it all right let's get this
done no point putting this off any
longer so listen Abigail just told me
the money it's hidden in the Caves at
Beaver Hollow what yeah so much for
never hiding it near Camp Dutch was
getting even sloppier than we thought
are Abigail and Jack ready to leave I
think
so
okay whatever happens with this job
today wherever touch and them go next
we're getting you the hell out of here
we're going to get you the money you
need knowing the three of you got out
well
maybe all this will still mean
something Tilly and Susan
too I'll do whatever it takes you've
always had my back Arthur well perhaps
not
always
anyway here we go one last train Arthur
One Last Train
[Music]
there you
are got
everything yeah
then off we
go off we go
indeed One Last Time gentlemen I got us
a river boat we'll head up to New York
or Chicago and get a real boat from
there out to the tropics so long as it
isn't guarma oh it'll be paradise son
it's all coming together Dutch just like
we planned that okay with you John
Arthur or do you insist on something
different sounds about as good now as
every time I heard it before Oh Abigail
must be real excited all packed up like
she is I could just see her in the
little grass skirt don't talk to me you
son of a [__] boys boys okay now let's
keep it down we don't want to draw
attention to our going through here nice
and easy through town fellas ah sandon
it's good to be back back happy memories
huh John will you shut up ma that's
enough fire all of
you not much further
now are you able to leave mic in jail
cuz that would be really funny
who
wild all right
cleat Sadie you board halfway along John
you and Arthur are going to board at the
back rest of you follow Mikey and I and
join once they stop the
train here she
[Music]
comes should I just sneak on
now God damn it
well everybody Mount up we're still
going through with this of course we
are what the
[__] come on Arthur we got to get on
that train
[Music]
jur I I I tried
to I felt I don't know how to go faster
what I my by a faster horse right
now all you have to do is follow the
damn train
Arthur uh the
loading come on Arthur we got to get on
that train
we can jump on to the
[Music]
side did you all see that horse
B said what the r look look at the horse
look at the horse after they jump
off here look
scary that was
[Music]
scary I'mma put you
down D my shotgun this time thank
God that's it for you
[Music]
PE you all PE you all PE you
w get done
done
now I'll make short worker you
yet sure you
will oh shut up
[Music]
this die
train on
Fire come on we can't get through the
smoke come on let's
go cover on
get going
Bill get back on
[Music]
jump uncouple that Cas before it blows
this all up on
[Music]
it the TR being
Rob L the gun Arthur
[Applause]
it's a good thing Arthur knows how to
assemble
[Music]
this well
done oh no come
[Music]
on not John your job you protect that
money man the gun Arthur I'll go stop
the train stop the train whatever you do
do not stop the Train You Secure up
ahead but keep us moving I'll deal with
that Patrol when they come
through sh we
got on our tail AR I see you watch
right another
one you sure you can hand that gun cuz I
can't take over if you want just shut
the hell up hey we all got to work
together on this look out on the
lamp watch The
Ride how the hell I can settled with you
little lady watch your goddamn M look
left
who the [__] is talking to STI like that
why would you say that to STI s's KDA is
like three trillion times higher than
everyone in this
[Music]
game s
to look out on the rat
[Applause]
[Music]
for what the hell you think I'm doing
miss it I don't take orders from
you can you kill him
please okay get off the gun we need to
go for the mo
[Music]
this music is [__] bad the money
should be in the front
[Music]
car hey quick let's blow up over let's
go guess better blow this
[Music]
thing here we go
we got something we got something
catch wait there's
more Morgan the driver's dead this thing
ain't stopping we got to get off okay
then let's go
D
it
Jesus we're alive just
about well let's
move where's John
I
tried I tried he didn't make it that
Patrol killed
him they had to run come on let's go
before another Patrol turns
up but how he's in Red Dead
one but I thought that came
after is he
lying is he
why huh that's Jony
msten hi
[Music]
extra now would Dutch tell a lie I don't
know if he'd ever do that
[Music]
it was John Shadow All
Along they came and took Abigail I Sav
Jack we hid but they took Abigail who
did agent Milton and his men took it to
Van Horn to be put on a boat and tried
for murder I am sorry to hear that we
got to let her go John's uh well sorry
son
without John she's just bait got a bunch
of money Dutch she's just a girl they
won't do nothing to her but me and the
boys know we need to keep riding on this
one Dutch you know it every man here
knows it we just going to let the boy be
made an orphan it ain't like that what
is it like I want to live cowpoke I
still got the choice Dutch it's just a
girl you're right Mah it pains me to say
it Arthur
but he's Right Touch come on
boys well I guess that's that
then all them goddamn years come on
Arthur let's go get her you and me is
all we
need Miss
Tilly here take
this you take this money too take Jack
and you wait a copper head Landing for
Abigail and Mrs Adler thank you Arthur
you're a good
girl you live a good life now here all
right Arthur I'll I'll miss me too
sweetheart me
too Jack come here be brave son I'm
going to go get your
mama Mrs
Adler ride with me
let's get that [__] shotgun please for
the love of God let me have my
shotgun uh and I
need to eat dry meat or a cheese wedge
is they're putting her on a
boat we'll probably do at North End of
town so I reckon you should go in the
other way sure I guess I don't know God
those goddamn bastards look just follow
okay we're going to get this done
Arthur they do let you smoke cigarettes
on now he don't care if he orphans his
friend's child so long as he gets Rich
all this goddamn talk all them years
seems like it was always a lie or he
went crazy what a mess sure guess he
began to believe he was God or
something I don't
know I'm sorry you got dragged into this
in a US listen if you hadn't shown up in
my house that night I'd be dead and even
this [__] beats dead I thought I
could find a way to get John Abigail and
Jack out of this
mess give him a
life seems I left it too late if we
could still get Abigail maybe her and
Jack will be okay
John
H Mack Davey Jenny Sean Lenny we have to
put an end to
this and eagle
flies another angry fool he used just
like he did with the rest of us like I
said Arthur we don't need them we're
going to make this ride me and you
together what's left of it now come on
[Music]
okay here we are let's ditch the horses
and come up with a
plan
whoa get out
here how you feeling I'm okay
I think you should cover me and I'll go
in there and get her cuz you're the
better shot I mean that ain't what you
mean I can still fight I know Arthur but
just do it my way honey it's for the
best get up someplace high like the
lighthouse or something and cover me
please okay
yeah I was wondering if we could leave
him at the cell on in the beginning
[Music]
okay Mr Milton where are
you there you are you
bastard ping it
Arthur STI will see it on the mini map
[Music]
well
up there they in
the God damn
[Music]
bastards where are they
keep
[Music]
moving yeah I got
you come on C keep over
[Music]
I can't quick scope it won't let me exit
this Long View
move s
[Music]
move
[__] okay Mr Milton I guess we're going
to have to talk this out like gentlemen
[Music]
over hold
back get in
[Music]
you son of a
[__] put a hole in his
[Music]
head get after him will somebody shoot
that
on [__]
[Music]
suck right
CL
[Music]
okay ladies let's get out of
here calm down Mr
Morgan that's quite a
cough
sure
tuberculosis I'll be dead
soon and you with me Mr Milton you'll be
dead sure but I'm going to be just
fine we offered you a deal Mr
Morgan you should have taken
[Music]
it I'm a Fool Mr Milton not all you boys
have quite so many Scruples old Micah
Bell Micah you mean Molly Molly o'sa
sweated her a couple of times never
talked a word had to let her go Micah
Bell we picked him up when you boys came
back from the Caribbean he's been a good
boy ever since
yeah
okay
okay holy
[__] using your strength Mr
Morgan you're still a yapping dog Mr
[Music]
mil of course it was [__] my
her we all [__] saw
it shout out
Abigail [__] Mah
[Music]
dude godam piece of [__] crackers get
the hell out of here what happened to
de where is he he's
fine
got thank
God Abigail you r
m hurry Arthur let's go get on Arthur
get
[Music]
on you'll be okay
God damn you all ahead of us on the
layup for the bullet at
[Music]
Bas we up
more on the rad
arur get that
[__] you think you can out run
us I most certainly think
so you all right Abigail I think
[Music]
so [__] more on the Run
more of them go left
Abigail all of
you get back
[Music]
here he's about to give us the slip
finish him give it some
steam shoot the horse
[Music]
you see any more of them no oh wait a
second bastards grab me outside Camp I
was with Tilly and jack it happened so
fast I couldn't do anything it's all
right Jack and Tilly are fine
ladies ladies hey I'm fine hold up come
[Applause]
on Arthur there's no time there's
time what happened to John where's
John I
don't I
think Arthur he what he got killed or he
got captured I'm really sorry no
Abigail I was on the train and I didn't
see it
no
listen we got Jack he's safe Mrs Edler
will take you to him but
John I want you to know this he loved
you he loved you and Jack he did he
wasn't perfect but he did
you got to go get that
boy come on get out of here Arthur what
are you doing I got to go have a little
chat before I get much sicker no wor
don't you owe Arthur me neither of you
two not now you both
know you're good
women good
people the best
you go get that boy there'll be time for
sorrow
later if you're headed back there
Arthur take this I don't need it anymore
what was that there's a chest in them
caves in the back to the left hidden
under a wagon Duchess
chest it's all our
money I know John told you I knew where
it
was Abigail
Roberts always was a good
thief that you
was get out of
[Music]
here the many miles we walk
the many things we
learn the building of a
shrine only just to
burn that's the way it
[Music]
is that's the way it is
oh you're a good
man I just wish you'd done it before he
worked himself into the
[Music]
grave really sorry for you son it's a
hell of a
thing and all you can do now is decide
the man you want to be for the time you
have
left May the wind be at your back
Good Fortune toou your
[Music]
hand May the cars lay out as
stray all from your
[Music]
command that's the way it
is that's the way it is
you saved my
life you're a good
[Music]
man thank you
Bella you know there ain't enough
kindness in this world that's for sure
[Music]
maybe it's a sign
Arthur
try try to do the good
[Music]
thing shine light Into
Darkness
shine into dark
well what
now get them bags packed up quick Miss
Grimshaw come on all of you well we're
doing our best hurry we ain't got long
hurry we just got plenty of time
M we all need to have a little chat
black long you're back hoay
hey I just saw agent Milton
Dutch Abigail shot him she's
okay not that you care too much about
that you
rats
ol seems old M was pretty close with
Milton what the hell are you talking
about cowpoke you
talked that's a goddamn lie Dutch Dutch
think of the future Milton told me and
you believe him blackl you believe him
it all makes sense now no it damn well
doesn't stand off think
touch be practical
now
Dutch
John John
me you left me to die my boy I didn't
have a
choice John John you I didn't have a
choice left
me John all are you John you pick your
side now because this is over all them
years Dutch for this
snake be quiet
cowpoke be quiet you live in the clouds
No you be quiet Mr Bell and put down
your gun there's Pinker coming
fast no
now oh my God who amongst
you is with
me and
who is betraying
me well obious here than than for
yourself he's
lying he's
lying put your guns down God damn it
move come on ready the [__] kill him
everyone get
down be like hey guys by the way uh
Micah told you this [__] right just
before the shootout happens guys Micah
did it right
like yeah Michael did
it all right we got that settled then
I'm going to kill you now Michael needs
to die like one million
[Music]
times detective agency put your guns
down your weapons now we have you
[Music]
surrounder
toose we got to go come on
[Music]
hold they right
there get it take your come on Arthur
into the C quick someone K
[Music]
Bast they're running into the cave chase
them down go go after them
what are you
doing get
[Music]
him let's go Arthur
push take them down now there they are
nerd Emoji ass sounding ass
guy let's keep moving I see him over
here that of bit those bastards left me
for dead seems that's what they do now
just up
ahead keep
going enjoy watching you
bleed Michael was the rat John Milton to
me we should have killed him months ago
stay with me Arthur hey hold it right
there are you all right Arthur I'm with
you keep going stop are you put your
guns on MAR you go up
first I want come out of there
[Music]
now heig Abigail's safe so's Jack where
are they it was sa the copperhead
land thank you
brother I want
you to not look back like I
[Music]
said you're both
Arthur we got to go come on run get
out Hon's in the trees ahead look
out drop that man we're putting you all
[Music]
down that's far enough this
please this right bluck come
on hurry up hurry oh my God my horse
won't
[Music]
move what are you doing
okay Arthur we got to go come on
ride there's P up ahead in the
tree yeah hold there's an
we are these son of
[Music]
[__] stop
right this like [__] come
on come on
Arthur on the left let's leave him for
[Music]
death all I done for you boys [__]
they're everywhere this
way ride R I'm trying what my horse
doesn't want to okay
[Applause]
[Music]
my come on brother let's
go give me a sec
come
on push Arthur no no
no thank you Arthur no no no no
no come on Arthur let's go what about
the money
[Music]
over Abigail gave me the key he so sad I
head down there I'm dead in 5 minutes I
got a family that's more important ah
maybe you're right but you want the
money you head down I got to go to my
family Arthur just make the
call I'm coming with you I'm going to
get you out of this [__] it's the
last goddamn thing I do thank you a [__]
let's go we need to find a Higher Ground
don't worry about them they'll just be
going back for the money we need to get
the hell out of
[Music]
here shot see you sir
bir everything suck I had horse
Revival shiter
that let's get up this Cliff here you go
come on Arthur keep pushing they're
coming shot
watch yourself get behind the
Rock God damn it they're everywhere get
out get that [__]
[Music]
sh come on we need to get
going let's go come
[Music]
on all right Arthur come on let's go
here go keep pushing Arthur
[Music]
no no I think I've pushed all I can come
on you go we ain't got time for this not
now
we ain't both going to make it
go
now I'll hold them
off it would mean a lot to
me
please I ain't no more time for
talk
go Arthur the half go to your family
Arthur get the hell out of here and be a
goddamn
man you're my
brother I
know I
[Music]
know God damn you
bastards no I don't
[Music]
get
after I got you now black L right
you're right I'm a Survivor black love a
Survivor that's all there is living and
dying kill him yes
[Music]
no oh black you don't know how much I've
long to do this that all you
got you're St
[Music]
backer you're
pathetic I should have killed you long
long
ago you weak
[Music]
fool can't you see I've
won
die still got a little fight you have
your boy
[Music]
come
on you God damn traitor
[Music]
you ain't no
man come
on you told me
[Music]
all there is winning and losing
Oh Black
Lung you ain't going to reach that
gun you
ain't you
lost my sick
friend you
[Music]
lost despite my best efforts to C you
it turns out I'm
[Music]
one God damn
you it is over now
Arthur it's
over oh
dut he's a right
you know it and I know
it he's
sick he's
dying he's talking
crazy there up there on the
R I gave you all I
had I dead
come
on
Dutch let's go
buddy we made
it we
won come
on John made
it he's the only
one the rest of
us no
I
tried in the end I
did come on let's go we can make
it come on
Dutch come
on come on a
[Music]
world
may stand
[Music]
unen we didn't get to kill Micah
said what the
[Music]
[__] the
world stand
[Music]
sh of world
May stand
[Music]
unsh
am
[Music]
of well
damn Redemption
I got it a plug Watches Over
[Music]
Us daddy
said no no no what was
that nope nope what was
that what was
that what the fck
what was
that I recorded it don't worry
what
oh oh help me
bro
oh the fish are
broken what okay what
it's
normal no I don't think it is
Baddie I'm
fine I'm
fine it's
me that was close you're old too close
we brought that trouble on our SA else
by we you mean me it wasn't me who went
and shot him seemed like he deserved
shoot I'm sure he did but I've been
thinking ain't about time you sto being
the man making them decisions I'm trying
are you I think
so you got to find someplace to lay low
keep
quiet maybe Dutch was right maybe we
should have just gone to Tahiti is that
it with you Tahiti or killing come on
John please try try what
we got to live somewhere for more than
just a few
weeks okay let's see what we can find in
in
Strawberry what do you know about
strawberry I know they like good honest
hardworking men a whole lot more than
angry Killers so make yourself good and
honest I am always honest maybe not I
just realized we're at 4 hours 30
minutes I'm going to restart this the uh
OBS for a second so it doesn't
automatically quit it should be in the
same stream but if it isn't just go to
the next one be right
back
okay are we good over we
here also this is the Eternal VC andex
it still counts
okay isn't it there tuberculosis is
curable now like they had they like that
is something that is
curable these days except it just wasn't
pre like World War II or
something I remember learning about it
in like Elementary school and then they
ended like the lesson on that with like
oh by the way it's curable now so all of
that was like for nothing I was like
what anyway always good and I'm always
honest my whole life I've been
surrounded by fools with moral codes
here's the moral code look out for folks
stop trying trying to act like some hero
in a book what do you know about heroes
in books my reading's getting pretty
good we read different books then the
books is
Jack's and well maybe he's doing most
the reading but still you're a bad
influence on your mother
boy boy sorry
sir what was that I said you're a bad
influence on your mother with your books
which books was that you know that dime
novel boy Callaway and the men from the
moon or whatever it was I'll do my best
to find better reading oh that got that
what you like then Western tales that
book got written boy what's that sir do
you enjoy tales of the Wild West not so
much
anymore I've been reading about Knights
you know of the Round Table the kids
what's his name there's King Arthur and
there's sir Lancelot and the lady
gwi and a whole lot of others those
names I kind of like them you know what
so do I
[Music]
I bet that sign says strawberry don't it
I got a good feeling about this place
been a long time
why don't you pull up just
here I'm going to go see what kind of
good honest work I can find grave
digging or polishing some rich Fell's
boots or some such me too see if me and
the boy can find some laundry work or
something
help you son I'm hoping I can help you I
saw the Help Wanted sign outside sure
but uh you're a bit old to be stacking
groceries and running errands ain't you
son well uh I Ain't Too Proud to do
nothing as long as it's honest and it
pays time's hard Mr
uh Milton Jim Milton yeah my wife and I
and our boy we was robbed few days ago
lucky to get out with our lives we was
now
um well we need money H there's bad folk
out there yeah tell me about not a wagon
by any chance I'm sure well then maybe
you could run some Goods up to Pronghorn
Ranch for me you know uh Head West past
O andila then follow the Road North lead
you right there I I don't know where
that is but I'm sure I can find it I can
leave right now if You' like it's
Getty's Place fine fell uh where's the
wagon it's just outside um you know I
should go tell my wife and then I can
come back and get loaded my boys can
load you up while you go find your wife
okay
how you
been hey you and me both
thank you
Doctor hey how you getting on I found
some work me too delivering Goods out to
some ranch cleaning a doctor's
surgery fine living it is John oh it is
this is the way to it I'll take your
word on that what do you suggest now
I'll stay here get on with the work you
deliver them goods and then collect me
okay and
John I love you don't you forget that
not ever now I
won't come on
jackary hey partner
hello I don't want to he
it load her up pretty good Milton good
are you ride slow now gys don't want his
good as damaged of
[Music]
course John's voice is very interesting
Anda then follow the Rogue North
okay is it is it the same voice actor is
some one in Red Dead one cuz I still
hav't played
[Music]
that I don't know if I'll play Red Dead
one
[Music]
but I feel like I got everything out of
this that I wanted and it's
like I don't
imagine Red Dead one could add too much
to my experience but I don't know
[Music]
[Applause]
I don't know what's next
but asie it was you and someone else who
had the same path right yeah it was me
was you and who
[Music]
else sorry why did I think there was
there's like a [__] ogre walking over
here this game has ogre
now daddy said Okay I I I heard like big
stomping sound I like oh I guess I have
to fight a giant like wait what the [__]
this is not Elon
R now I know I know I play halflife
every other day but I might do it again
but if we pretend that I'm not playing
half I don't know what we'll play
next
um you we go past it
North I'm taking
suggestions I am not I I don't think I
want to play cyberp Punk
[Music]
2077 BL
I haven't done the alen ring
DLC maybe I
should I have a save file that's like
extremely post game so I could just like
run it off
that
again yeah I'm still a little fatigued
over Roblox but at some
point I also don't know if I'm like in
the mindset for elen ring
either maybe another Soul's born though
[Music]
I haven't played Securo that's the one
uh I haven't played Securo and Demon
Souls those are the
two Soul born games I haven't
[Music]
played zako has a big snake I am
not I have not playing
Fallout I don't want to play
Fallout I thought you going to say
no don't worry I I
remember that
one's that one's
[Music]
that oh S I did want I did want to go
through the the mle gear games
[Music]
again I just hate Bethesda I'm
sorry Fallout as a concept is like I it
BS me to
death but Metal Gear is
good I also haven't played uh death
stranding if we're talking talking our
kajima
boy I was averse to playing it for a
while now I'm not as a verse anymore
there's been enough time for it to
settle I
think yeah I heard mgs3 remake was a
thing they need to not mgs4 remake they
just need to get it on PlayStation
5 I haven't played middle gear
revengeance but I've played the other
middle gear games
[Music]
this must be
it I me remas
sorry where am
I oh I haven't been here before oh I'm
not wanted Dead or Alive in blackwat
anymore we could go to
blackwat we go to blackwat the
famous yeah I know reveng if I heard it
correctly revengeance is a bit like
neara n Devil May Cry ban out a type
[__] you Mr Gettys no
sir I'm Mr Dickens is overseer Jim
Milton I'm delivering some supplies from
the store in Strawberry
okay this is quite a place yes it's
beautiful they send
everything yeah I think so so partner
your boss he looking for hands why you
looking for work yeah my wife we was in
business with her family and turns out
it's long story yeah I don't know
married hands it's a lot of trouble I'm
a good worker my wife Agatha even our
boy lancec aot we'll all work Lance aot
big man around boy Lance a lot get the
hell out of
here now that ain't very neighborly and
threatening us is neighborly hey mind if
I enjoy one of these apples put that
down delicious
oh when's uh boss man going to sell this
place boy I don't think there's any
plans for that you boys want a drink
it's some fine Scotch whiskey put that
down put that down these supplies for
the season get off the farm come on we
know when we're not wanted get down from
there bye
part you come back here take that horse
if you need it go easy on them you can't
can't have trouble
[Music]
here I forgot to look at Arthur's
notebook before that
end you ain't getting away with that
[Music]
what that's my damn wagon you hear
me we got someone after us
[Music]
oh [__] this one's got a stone in his
boot
[Music]
help to take that off off Mr a
we hey
thank you Milton isn't it those boys are
out of lar me work for Mr AEL thank you
don't mention it listen I ain't looking
for no charity or nothing but I was
serious you got work we'll work I can do
anything we
got we got robbed ourselves a few days
back we ain't got married hands here
you're married work harder than any one
of them I'm real honest and my wife even
though she's got fancy thoughts she'll
work seem kind of desperate what trouble
you in no trouble sir aside from her
brother he tricked us and robbed her of
her
inheritance we're good people we'll work
even Lancelot what does Mr Getty's need
with a boy just another mouth to feed
just please give us a chance I can
handle myself okay you know that already
yeah yeah makes me wonder just who would
have robbed you but we'll give you a
chance I'll let Mr Gettys know when him
and his wife return tomorrow thank you
Mr Dickens I'll go get my wife n no you
stay here it's getting late we'll go get
her in Strawberry we'll bring her here
tomorrow we need you around in case any
more of them laram me boys turns up
there's a a little cabin out yonder past
the ranch house things work out y'all
can stay there thank you will not regret
this yep get yourself settled we'll have
work for you tomorrow when Mr G is
[Music]
returns BR has a house
you've acquired the home ending
oh yeah I have all of Arthur's stuff I
forgot gave the bag
oh it's
[Applause]
here I miss horseshoe overlook
Arthur's handwriting is so
[Applause]
nice spaghetti
Dy said
guava
guava did Arthur misspelled death
[Applause]
wait I feel like I don't know anything
crossed out nothing
[Applause]
anymore all he drew his
boyfriend oh Mary be happy please be
happy
that
face what's going on with that
[Applause]
little little thumb
print Captain Monroe
[Applause]
bear these are so cool look at
oh my
God he wrote so much in this art is in
his name art
her oh that goddamn robot
Dy said he was in the drawer
[Applause]
how how much is
that I wonder if I wonder if they sell
like a full filled out version of our
Arthur's Journal does anyone know if
that exists
you're not sir me Albert your name is
Rachel I'm back
girl we getting there ain't we
H Milton get over here Mr Gettys this is
the new ranch hand I told you about well
I heard you had some trouble with your
welcome but you kept your nerve and
protected my property no it was nothing
sir well David Getty is pleased to meet
you John Jim Milton
thank you for the opportunity sir you
and Mr Dickens you work hard you be
honest you'll get your keep I promise
you that boy has a family lucky man then
you better work extra hard good day sir
gentlemen sir you hear that John Jim
extra hard hey hey get over here Mr
Dickens go find old Jim Milton here
something to do make sure he works extra
hard sure Mr Dickens he's getting
clocked come on this way I was on my
chores
anyhow say is that your family getting
in the wagon up there ah believe it is
mind if we go welcome them not at all
hey is it true what they said about you
when you arrived that you ran off those
Hired Guns
look can we uh not discuss this in front
of my wife oh no sure yeah of course
mister I don't want to worry her oh yeah
I hear
that Mrs Milton Jim Milton how fine you
seem this kind man just collected us
thank you
sir think we can be okay here it's
ranching
work this place is kind of it's
fine but I hear you began your career in
ranching by throwing your weight around
real wise Jim what was I supposed to do
the place was getting robbed so you show
everyone who's boss real fine I didn't
have much of a choice I got to go Jack
when you're done in here come on out and
lend a hand
I was going to milk the cows come on
I'll do it you are going to milk the
cows sure why not oh I don't know I I I
thought you was
uh I'm a ranch hand a new one at
that when you got here them Hired
Guns I was just getting my wagon back
that's all weren't nothing oh it weren't
nothing it was about time someone stood
up to them
fellas no where are you from anyway
partner around you know up North mostly
been in these parts before but that was
years
ago it's changed the rich fellas are
coming in and buying everything the
ranches but well it ain't as wild as it
once were at least there is that see if
it ain't too personal a question are you
a gunslinger
Mister Good Lord no nothing like that
now just a ranch hand then just a ranch
hand failed at a bunch of things like
most men well I feel a whole heap better
having a ranch hand like you around that
is for sure
let's see how you feel once you see me
work
[Music]
yeah we used to have a bunch of women
here did most of the milking but most of
them drifted
off okay you fine with milking you know
I ain't really done much of it could
never never really get the hang of it
you serious Mister sure it's Jim Jim
Milton hey just sit down I'll show you
how approach your calm now she don't
take too kindly to surprises
you got the hang of it almost got a pale
full let's
[Music]
go let's [__] let's [__] rocks we're
going crazy is that your boy sure babe
Lancelot hey Lancelot hey
we're going to make a Dairy made of your
paw
yet I never thought I'd see the day
watch and learn partner we all got to
earn our key come on how about you and
the boy uh help me clean out the
Stables
sure come on
son how old you now lelot 12 sir ain't
that grand it's such a fine name I like
it I got I got imaginative parents sir I
can tell now it ain't Pleasant work but
it's got to be done Mr Dickens said I
know what he said we'll do it won't we
boy
mhm
mhm okay well you get them stalls
cleaned out and I'll see you later bye
okay Jack let's just try and take some
pride in this work hard as it may
be boy bring that wheelbarrow over here
and keep it close to me yes
sir Farm
gaml
coming fatty do you remember this part
of the Christmas map in in
Roblox you're a l long way from Angelo
bronte's Mansion now sorry sir nothing
Ed Ed it's
splashes hold on a
moment look at this hor
[__] look at this hor shed it's hor shed
literally at first I was like what and
then I got flashbacks wilted flow
[Music]
y'all see
this did it just do it all for me did
I'll do it all differently think your
mother's hiding
somewhere I have played Boulder's game
twice laughing at
[Music]
us you could say that I like the game
Boulders gate I have like over 200 hours
mother would say we're almost done here
you finish things up I'll go check on
her
okay lands a
lot he said he liked the come on
now he said he liked the
name my son's is a
troll Hey
Hey where's Jack shovelin [__] pursuit
of the better life you
want same as I've been won't do him no
harm I
know guess maybe we can last here
survive do a little better than survive
for once I'm tired of fleeing John so
well you
know me
too what's up with that mustache
[Music]
oh my God they're sleeping in a bed
that's
crazy you don't really see that in this
[Music]
game dude where's the Hat though $3
go to the barn and milk the cows for
happy animals and happy milk healthy
milk
wait do you know why the DG is
big and the TD isn't it's because this
the DG stands for drain
gang take a knife and drain your life
can you stop talking
[Music]
can I talk
now yeah okay thank you Daddy said okay
sorry I know I don't have to
but it's okay you're alow let's go get
drained where are my other hands damn it
Abe Abe Mr Gettys you got an answer for
me Mr Gettys
I I said Abe where the other hand I
thought I said I don't rightly know Mr
Getty sir well what good is that to me
we got three horses lost possibly more a
m about to full sir and no hands to help
with any of it I'm supposed to be
heading into town this place is chaos
hey P can I get some help P Milton
Milton you good with horses I'm okay
I'll do whatever needs doing sir good
man can you help my boy my youngest
Duncan he will insist on riding Jeremiah
a horse that is far too strong for him
and my wife will need help with this may
Abe sir you and Dickens better not make
any more mistakes like you did today you
hear no sir thank you both of
you come on he's over here I'm good you
get on go find them horses no no no I'll
show you since you showed up runaway
horse has been to some of our problems
and I am thankful for that I ain't done
too much
I ain't much of a Rancher oh
heck hey maybe them Larry boys weren't
so tough after all maybe I could have
handled them of course you could they're
just loud mouths yeah so uh is that what
the boss is doing in town some business
with them boys or something well when Mr
Gettys goes in town well it ain't
exactly for uh business oh oh
uh okay then all right he'll be just at
the end there I better get to thanks
kid you Duncan I'm Jim Jim Milton hey
you need a hand with that horse no who
you sure about that okay yes yes I do
pretty big
one that's your you gone come on come on
okay
Jeremiah there boy come on easy boy oh
someone put some onions on their oats
didn't they
boy calm
down he likes you ain't sure he likes
any of us but I'll make him respect me
and behave can't you teach me how to
make him behave same way as he does for
you I'm supposed to go help your mother
she's got a horse in
full that'll take hours training a horse
can take hours just give me a quick
lesson sir
please okay easy I'm going to take him
out first burn some of this heat off of
him okay I'll wait in the Corral
yeah boy yeah
[Music]
Jeremiah come on let it all out of
you you got some energy show me this
[Music]
everything you got come
on let's go okay that was fun wasn't you
can behave now can't you
[Music]
all right he's ready for you okay get on
up there and go nice and
slow stay
calm me the horse you're
calm my heart's beating a
little keep your voice calm and your
legs strong don't let old Jeremiah sense
fear I
won't doing fine real
nice not that I'm saying you need one
but you sure there is another horse you
ride around here I had a pony but I'm
too grown for him now yeah you think my
son could borrow him huh Lancelot yeah
sure
I'll get it hitch by your cabin there
all right thank you son can I ask are we
in trouble from all these laramy boys
they say Mr ael's real Rich way richer
than PA and he's got all these Hired
Guns out of laramy and if PA doesn't
sell well they'll come here and they'll
hey easy there you don't have to worry
about all that you just worry about
Jeremiah there yeah but but just worry
about the horse
yeah yes sir chicken
jocky I think you two might be ready to
go out without a chaperon oh I'm not
sure about that you're good nice and
easy now both of
you you Mr
Milton I thought you were going to help
me I am
I
was I'm sorry come on I need a man's
help Duncan what have I told you about
distracting the hands I'm sorry ma well
I hope you'll listen to me better than
my husband thank you Mr Milton you're
doing fine kid give him a carrot when
you put him down don't put the horse
down
[Music]
a so you know much about birthing a fo
Milton not too much my God where does my
husband find men like you still we all
know where he goes in town and it ain't
hunting for
hands it's not too hard you just uh
stick a hand in there and get a feeling
for where the legs are go on
whatever you say
ma'am all right I'm trying to find the
legs hello hor horse birth gaming horse
birth mini game horse birth mini game
mhm
mhm okay now hold on what it's coming
out one way or another grab them again
didn't come get a hold of it again
you'll know him when you got him Ando
slipped hold them
Milton so
close Okay well I think she's well we're
not out of the woods but I think she may
be okay great we'll make a proper hand
of you yet Mr Milton
I hope so thank you oh Mr Milton well
that was gaming feel free to make a call
at the house sometime perhaps even now a
drink to toast our new
arrival I'd like that but my wife is
expecting me back oh you're married I
didn't know we had any married hands
yeah we we have a boy maybe you've seen
him around oh uh I'm I'm busy uh too
busy for social calls of course what
good day Mr
Milton
okay what the
r just like
that sorry I'm
angry wait where did
where did drain gang
go sorry I eat it thank you
a hey John
Jim
sorry so this is what you wanted fake
names which by the way Dickens sees
clean through John us on the Run John
this is our chance to make something new
come on please for
me for him oh that was the Dr game
Miss how's he
been been kind of
withdrawn quiet you know sure take him
out please
come on
boy let's go for a
walk come
on round to the left what do you see
Pony get on them we're taking a ride
Duncan Mr Getty's boy lend it to you
let's go
how you
doing fine can we go home
no
you're stay
calm where would you like to go riding
aside from home I don't know but maybe
that
stream good
idea you know all
this get him going come on you know
the horse can feel your fear just act
confident okay uh-huh confident
yep don't pull on the rains you'll yank
his bed out use your
legs there you
are now let's go Jack a little kick and
a
now let's slow it down whoa boy
why don't we speed it up again
okay come
on see you can do it how about you speed
up a m okay
whoa slow Jack
slow easy
there whoa
[Music]
you know this ain't so bad sir good
amazing what the right horse and a
little confidence can do
[Music]
how do I look better than before keep at
it I'm getting there I should hope so
okay let's go across to the stream yes
sir oh
[Music]
here we are yep where should get back
you think you're ready for a little race
I guess all right we go back to the path
and up to the wrench okay on my go
go
oh I got the hang of this sir
we're doing it
boy doing okay
girl this horse can
go it's a pony but that's okay
it feels like I'm
flying okay you might be an idiot that's
okay you're still my son I think
what
[Applause]
Yeehaw last stra come on
I beat you I beat you I ridden
son I beat
you like I said you're riding it's
gotten so much better
thanks hey keep practicing your riding
you too you need
it
damn
[Music]
well let you
win
[Music]
hey I'll get the coffee
home thank you
I'm headed to work today myself Jack huh
so you stay out of trouble where are you
working I told you cleaning at the
doctor's
office bye bye give the place a
tidy okay P I'll see you
later different clothes each day $3
something to run
over
no
yes
[Music]
no daddy said you just train
from I'm joking I'm joking
I thought you were Tony oh you're
right I'm actually Gwen but that's okay
you can be both I thought you were R
Pony never in my life have I said that
batting
no hey Milton can you give me a hand
with this fence sure know much about
fence building not really can't build a
fence can't milk a cow ain't used to
shoveling shits but took on a gang of
robbers
singlehanded guess we all got our
peculiarities Mr Dickens what was you
doing before you came
here I told you wife got cheated out of
inheritance we was in a legal dispute it
was a bad time it sounds awful but I
guess I don't believe a word of
it I was raised to take a man at his
word and also to believe this is a free
country so free that I can't tell you
what to think so I guess it don't much
matter what you
believe but I will work hard and I learn
fast
okay give me a hand with this fence
well there's plenty more to
do pound it in there we don't want it
coming
down building game good now grab a rail
line it up with a notch and place it
[Music]
in now lift up the other side they got
to line up see
now the next
[Music]
rail
okay that's it f game
play you're you're fine you're doing all
right that looks so okay go to the next
post and pound that
in I hope you've grasped the basics I
got other matters to attend to but
there's more than a day's work here for
you all right so long I'll be counting
sections when you're done
[Music]
okay okay okay
okay okay
they don't even let you build the whole
fence
came the fence might be his last
straw I think it's the fence it's
offensive over
here put that fence down and get over
here
boy hurry hurry quick as you can
Milton get over here coming come on give
us a hand know much about bulls Milton
uh just the basics don't make them mad
Angus gettis this is Jim Milton Mr
Milton Angus is your boss's son nice to
meet you let's try and move this great
hunk of
Chuck come on
move [__] I'll get him
[Music]
no
no I don't think you going be
okay I'll just walk it off
[Music]
okay come
on let's talk
no no
no God
[Music]
damn not the
F
[Music]
[__] bad
okay you're
fine how am I going to calm this thing
down you don't look like you're going to
wind
down but I'll try relax my friend
there there there whoo there who there
easy
easy you're an angry one it ain't so bad
nice and easy now boy all better
okay now come on you honk and Chuck
you're lucky you didn't kill
anyone got him Mr Dickens oh
good how you doing son a bit sore but
I'll be okay thank you Mr Milton my
pleasure and you mister fine he just got
my
head good there he is see you later Jim
Milton we'll make a Rancher of you
yetes was
that you hear that he don't like
trespasses that's what I said well does
he like dead bodies on his
you want to watch your mouth boy you
will be the first one we
kill leave him
alone oh careful boys careful look at
this tough guy get out of here how fancy
parents get he's paying you to be tough
for him huh no he's paying me to keep
the place clean said he had some
problems
with Vermin oh listen to this real
funny get come on get him oh kick his
head in Boss get that
[Music]
fell oh hey they didn't hire you cuz
you're tough it's cuz you're stupid
yeah oh he's licking you
boss when was the last time you had a
bath you need
[Music]
help that boy can
pun get off that man get
off he hit me first oh you can fight boy
I'll give you that well how's your wife
in a
brawl leave my wife alone oh she's real
pretty get out of here oh quite a temper
you got
imagine you're you're frustrated with
your lot and life married to a [__]
shoveling
[Music]
farmand what' you do wrong to end up
here leave my wife alone welcome to Big
Valley Tim Milton pleasure to meet you
both we'll see you again and you Boy
tell Mr gett as we called we'll be back
thank you Mr Milton thank you don't
worry about it you stop acting like a
goddamn story book hero will you what
choice did I have plenty you [__]
plenty but like what what was the choice
what
yeah also yeah Abigail is literally a
shooter
[Music]
we all get caught eventually John I
guess the trick is to decide by who
[Music]
go and see your
wife a dear I won't hear any more of it
you won't hear any of it not in front of
the men you Toad all right Smile Smile
do not embarrass me
how you getting on
Surviving I think here I'll get you some
coffee only thing I know how to do is
well you know Undertakers like me Cattle
not so much that ain't true ain't no
Rancher Russell horses not raised them
stole cattle not birthed
them I was I was reading the newspaper I
was reading about a Old Ranch beater
hope down by Blackwater was you well
Jack read it to me but I thought maybe
we could Raise Some Money Bank could
lend us the rest we could be happy John
bank loans I got a goddamn price on my
head woman I know I know all about that
every time we about to get somewhere
make something you go and show the
entire world that you ain't Jimmy Milton
every place we've been has been the same
we start doing okay and then boom you
act like the big man with a gun tired
John and I guess I was dreaming a little
at least give me
that just feels
hopeless doing
better
milon milon
ma'am Mr Gettys needs you to head over
to Strawberry in the wagon and collect
some mail for them at the post office
sure I'll take the boy with me he's
getting soft Lancelot come on Jim if
you're heading that way can you pick up
a parcel for me a dress I ordered I
think it's in your name my name I think
so one's in your name and the other
one's in mine only one should have come
in by now how much shopping you done oh
yes a real Keen purchaser of goods me
look at
me okay Lancelot we'll make a man out of
you yet not too much of a man Mine He's
only a boy just going to show him how to
drive the wagon a little make an X out
of here yet is this isting realities of
adulthood for another day come on get
you take care now of
course SP John Joanne if you will it's
nice getting out of the house huh I like
being in the house P go back to the road
P we got a nerd for aing things you like
boy yes sir you make that clear enough
said make room only
that
what no say it again go ahead for
everyone go ahead say it for everyone to
hear
we'll make a not of you
yet
okay thank you you aren't so happy here
with us son I'm happy
it's
just I I find it hard is all you'll
understand
someday huh
what EXT said we'll make a r of you
yet oh my
God said
okay we'll make a r of you yet want to
take the rains
little I I don't know
P it's easy boy don't be scared well uh
what do I
do well just hold them and pull them
short to slow down tell them to go fast
give him a little
switch then hold him one side if you
want to turn here try it
out if you crash us you're not my son
anymore and that's the funniest part
about this you're my daughter you're my
daughter
[Music]
lelot said hey I've got a non-binary
announcement coming
soon that's enough now back in
Strawberry Hey kid looks like you know I
think this is the longest I've seen you
without a book in your hand we ever
going to get to Strawberry going like
this it was foolish to forget mine sir
look I got some business to attend to
with the clerk I leave you with the
wagon can I trust you not to drive off
with it oh I think I can be trusted to
that very good
now see this is why I don't venture too
far from the roads I heard a man was
pulled right off his horse shut the hell
up all right here we
are you all right son sure we cheer up a
little you wait here I won't be long
okay
and if you behave I might let you drive
us
home can't wait no good
low hi I'm here
name my name um Jim Milton Jim
[Music]
Milton nope nothing
here uh maybe try
maren John marsten it's a long story
okay John
Marston Marston oh say that name really
loudly nothing here for that name either
try Abigail
Roberts Abigail
Roberts yes here we
are and also I'm here to pick up the
deliveries for Pronghorn Ranch David
Getty sent me
Pronghorn yes uh oh or uh sign here we
have a bunch of stuff for
you this is this I will help you
out I'll take these you get the rest of
the
stuff this this is
dangerous here let me help you with this
Mr Marston H it's a mostly Milton these
days it's a long story whatever you say
Mr Milton it's not important take care
now give my regards to Gettys thank you
very much
Mister okay this is not good let's get
out of here everything okay po sure I
hope so at least here you take the reins
a little I ain't sure come on son you'll
enjoy it if you try a little
harder okay okay p
y
y going back to Pronghorn okay so wait
we've come all the way out here and we
just going to turn around and go back
that's what we're doing turns out uh I
missed the seclusion of the ran board
than I figed it for don't you want to go
to the store or the Saloon or anywhere
we're going back okay boy but I've been
sitting in this wagon I don't know how
long 2 minutes but nothing keep on
driving
and watch the road yes sir thank you
Jesus find your father okay I got my
reasons even if I don't care to explain
them yes sir
better look if I tell you to speed up
speed up if I say slow down you slow
down okay what's going on here sure
SL who's this sorry sir is that a
question for me no no keep driving slow
it down don't want to seem like we're
running away from anything uh okay whoa
all right speed up let's get away from
there okay
give him a
switch I don't like driving across here
it's the same as any other Road look
where you want to go and the horse will
follow
okay I think the horse is getting
skittish you'll be all right
huh what nothing just keep
driving is this
scary not with the get in the car what
what's wrong don't look around oh Pop
those men are they following us just
stay calm see that falling tree when we
get there stop the wagon jump down and
hide oh P you need to do exactly as I
say boy here
now come on quick
down okay son you wait here you don't
move or say nothing until I speak to you
you here yes sir head
down okay gentlemen
let's see what you come calling about
what do you boys want with us oh we just
want to have a friendly chat are you
John morson you sure look like
him I don't know what you're talking
about I'm just here with my
son did you kill a fell out in roke a
few months back no
wasn't
me that was my
brother I'm real sorry friend but he was
trying to rob you're talking [__] Mr
kill
him
Jesus I that him
it's okay you're okay what why what it's
okay it's
okay come on keep them eyes closed let's
go well come on get
up why are you going so slow killing oh
dear those men I told you not to look
boy we're stuck this is
[Music]
awful are they dead I didn't have much
of a choice you saw that that's compose
yourself you killed them Paul son I need
you to hold it
together you were real Brave back there
real Brave did exactly like I said
really
uh-huh if you hadn't listened things
could have gone real real wrong for
us there there
we're okay hey uh you your mama wants us
to buy some Old Ranch you read to her
about it didn't you mhm what was it
called mhm what was the name boy pacher
ho that's right pacher ho over by black
water you like the idea that huh US own
the ranch I don't know I can see you as
a Rancher boy like dunk and Gettys huh I
wasn't so sure but yeah that kind of
life might suit us wouldn't be such a
chore as the horses we were cleaning up
after was ours would
it no it
wouldn't yeah over by blackwat the
greatest place
alive it is alive after all germs
okay here we are that was in uh eventful
trip don't go pul
okay don't say hi to your
mother said how is
wow
whoa what
happened yeah it's I
don't we got shot at shot at what
happened well we got followed and then
we followed by h who probably someone
who knew me if we didn't get to them
particulars I'm sorry my
son our
son was your dress that caused all the
problem weren't even a dress it was a
gift for
you oh well Dam
look just do one thing or another not be
two people at once that's all I'm
saying
oh mission complete traumatized your son
wasn't he
already I guess jid Gettys needs a word
think I should traumatize myself
again now dear I won't hear any more of
it you won't hear any of it not in front
of the men you mentioned having one in
his name if you just asked to be have it
clarified which
name true Smile Smile do not embarrass
me
Mr Gettys hey I heard we had another
incident with the laramy boys yeah there
was an incident they mean to scare me
you scared a little I've got a lot
invested in this place and and not just
the land but but my family it's uh it's
hard to explain I understand I'll do my
best to keep you safe sir I know you
will so how's your family ah just
fine I should probably head back yeah I
know how it
is how'd you get
on okay I guess
better sure I'm just
tired I
know anybody want some more
no I'm
good I miss Mr Pearson John Marston
you're such a
pig damn all right it's getting late
let's get some
rest good night Jack good night Mama
good night Jack good night P now how do
you sleep without YouTube
shorts hell was that
what are you what are you
doing my job
Abigail lock this door behind me don't
open it unless you know it's
me oh God J you got to do something
to the St take that
Tom rich man you are over the C are ours
and soon enough
who's this new
hand you're that tough guy they where's
GES
now give up so I can just kill you
already you know that offer it just went
down
crap kcks BR this on yourselves that
all I lost my wind
watch it
burn tell the devil you was got by the
Larry
[Music]
Jim put him down all right I'll be up in
a
moment they've killed Mr Tolbert and
they've stolen my goddamn cattle you men
okay I think so Jim Milton saved my life
it's Mr AEL of course it's Mr AEL I
can't believe he thinks it can scare me
out of here then I guess we're getting
your cattle I guess we are can you go
too Tom of course sir all right Jim I
know you can handle yourself a little go
get your guns and head out guns oh don't
play COI with me son we need your help I
don't care what you used to do or what
your your your name is this is the land
of Second Chances understood
okay let me in it's
me what was was it Mr Getty's cattle was
taken I'm sorry to hear
that what are you doing in that thing Mr
Getty's been real good to us we I what
are you doing my job
Abigail my goddamn
job still in his pajamas I'll lead the
way this going to be the last we hear
out of them yeah yeah run
coming on
girl stop riding so close to
[Music]
me stop riding so close to me oh my God
let me breathe off your horses here
we'll be better on foot okay never mind
okay if you say
so now that's the place up ahead there's
our
cows couple guards out
front couple more around the side I
imagine let's get a closer look let's
go yeah there's plenty of guards I'm
going to head straight in yep Tom you
head up there and try and give us some
cover Abe you're going to try and flank
the place and come in from the back I'll
give you a minute or two then I'm
heading in
yes sir
okay hey hey you boys been coming up to
Pronghorn I thought I'd come down here
you're all so tough come have a word
with me you here to cut a deal you're
too late partner I'm here for our cattle
and to teach some manners to all of you
you seen how many men we got as many as
money can buy now get out of
here ay seed before you get a hole in
your head just shoot him
[Music]
guess we're shooting
this Dam they're in
[Applause]
[Music]
the that damn JY I meant to be bu B
two they walked in it
now St
[Music]
here you
look out you
kid put them Cowboys
[Music]
down look out more over is a shooter all
right
[Music]
more men on the
[Applause]
[Music]
way they're hold up in the bar we got to
move on them in
there that would coming
back come on let's
[Music]
go I you you're going to be sorry for
what you done you're going to pay all
right you and your wife that's a fell
who shot my feet up I got this you boys
take cattle you ain't so talking now are
you P thinking shoveling backwards sacka
no good
[Music]
trash I'm done with you
you know that woman of yours Got The
Look of a woman ain't had a real Ride in
her life she's got to make do with some
pissed poor stinking farm hand hey hey
tell her all my seats it's the
[Music]
pose it's the pose
it's the Red Dead one
[Music]
p it's John Redemption
[Applause]
[Music]
blow up now you're doing
well hey hey you're back you did real
well Mr Milton this man can really fight
save the whole place
ah that weren't nothing well you oh
you you saved my life no need to say
nothing sir just doing my job now I
don't think they'll be back tonight but
how about Abe just in case you stay up
yep you see anything or hear anything
you fire that rifle three times three
times we'll all come run we'll
do well said and thank you Mr Milton
truly just glad to be a service sir I
understand you get some rest thank you
Mr
Gettys
what what
what choice did I have just answer me
that what was I supposed to
do another day in the life of John
Redemption hey Mr Jim Mr Jim hey there's
a telegram messenger for you over there
in near the house there
is okay thanks
he what do you think he want I have no
idea but I doubt someone wants to give
me a big pile of
money that's him I see him thanks
[Music]
AE excuse me mister I'm Jim Milton heard
you had a telegram for me yes Here sign
there
thank
you huh Jim
stop if you're the JM I know stop it's
Sadie Adler got something to
discuss pay good meet me in Saloon and
Valentine I'm there most days
stop s Adler I'll be Dam
s my friend
s speak to Abigail at the house oh this
is not going to be good this is going to
go
great hey bro s's in town oh no no
no well
anyway Abigail
oh it's bad in a different way darling
John a kind lady in the village helped
me write this she had men problems of
her own but that's a different story
listen I've begged you but it don't seem
to make much difference I've tried
everything I know to make you grow up
and you know I love you but loving you
means I can't watch you do this time
after time we've had to run because of
your behavior and your
decisions we got a son I got a son and I
love our son enough that I can't have
him around while you're like this I had
so many dreams John I hoped you would
change we all saw what happened to them
that didn't but you part of you is hell
bent on ending up the same
way and I love you too much to watch
that that no
more
[Music]
Abigail cheer up John you're not a Pro
divorcer like
me see look wife already um she's out I
saw her leaving with the boy and the
bags what's going on you married Mr
Dickens no that don't surprise me what'
she do catch you with a show girl or he
about you shooting more fellas over by
strawberry just who are you Jim Milton
I'm a family man
I can handle a gun sure them men shot at
me just interested that's all ain't
nothing interesting unless you find
gossip about a man's marriage worthy of
your time guess not there's work to be
done unless you're running off too I
ain't going nowhere I'm here to work got
to save money get her what she wants
what does she want she wants a place of
her own since you found a plot up at
Beer's hope you a Rancher you'll starve
probably keep yourself busy take your
mind off
it turn to
work but I want to go
[Music]
to just got an all red pack of gutchers
I'm pissed
off that sounds [__]
awesome now he
saido Red's the best flavor give them to
me
[Music]
meow meow meow meow mil
this is the Squidward
Montage what does that
mean Daddy said what what do you mean
this the squid
Montage oh the one from the episode
where he lives in the in the town full
of squids it's like repeated over and
over and the together I was just like
but I no that makes no you're big
brain I'm huge you're enormous why are
you growing stop it sorry um I was like
what do you mean squid how is the
Squidward I understand now but like that
was really [__] funny I was like what
part of this is
Squidward my favorite part of red dead
too is the Squidward
Montage I I think it was funnier like
without the continuity like what like me
trying desperately to figure out how
this is related to squid word in any way
whatsoever sorry for ruining the bit no
no that you're making me have a matrix
moment I've I've taken the purple pill
oh yes it tastes like lilx lilx right
and abandoned lilx pedal
disolve you know Endeavor murky fibers T
by a turning ocean sand will turn to
centers as soon as the cash has dried
hush now I don't remember the rest of it
I have to I have to relearn
it something something sew together show
weather and reap on a harvest Mo so red
that both your CES are clean again
[Music]
well that's her fool hey you know I was
wrong about you turned into a fine
worker J aie uh they they they said
which person speaking is the channel
owner do you want to introduce yourself
oh
hi I'm aie uh
I'm on the internet as azy bites here
I'll speak in chat there you're the
owner of the channel
yeah I own everything you own everything
even your
house everyone in chat yeah azy owns
it
uhhuh yes thank you for owning my
channel azy you're welcome Milton oh
thank you means a lot hey you think I
can speak with Mr Gettys see if maybe
he's open to offering me some guidance
I'm sure he'd be happy to hear you speak
at least
thank you Mr
Dickens as a own Violet yes I am the
Goldfish I keep her in a crystal when
she's misbehaving the [__] can we can we
stop talking about the crystal can we
stop can we stop Crystal yeah people
don't need to know about the crystal
like every day with you every day every
day the crystal it's like oh I have the
power of the cosos it's like we get it
okay you're okay it's okay you're okay
you're
fine D it you [__] pondering that
goddamn Crystal every single day in my
[__] life it's purple it's
purple hey son how's that bull cracker
fine Mr Milton your father in could I
have a word sure I'll just get him
P I'm right right
here what's the problem Milton I'm sorry
for the disturbance sir oh no problem my
wife she just began her morning
discourse on the subject of my
faults experience I think every man can
relate to in some ways my
wife my wife also has issues with some
of the decisions I've made real
issues do you believe in man can change
sir where is this
heading guess I don't
know I've tried to be a good hand I've
worked hard to secure your property and
for that we are grateful and you've paid
me well besides the thing is I
suppose I need to get a place of my own
so I can prove to my wife that I've
changed I
understand ain't got much money I ain't
asking to borrow
none but maybe you could go to the bank
and put in a good word so they could
give me a loan a loan huh so I can buy
that place beater
hope yes I know
it yes of course sure it'd be be my
pleasure but take my advice Milton take
your money and go buy passage on a boat
go to Brazil and forget all about family
I'm just joking son just make sure you
deal with anel Aon at the bank he's a
distant cousin
use my name tell him to ask me direct
himself you'll get what you need thank
you sir I was young and dumb once
too you'll get her
back great conversation you see the
little [__] cheer he did just under
under under his breath he's just like
yay God I'm getting Crystal flashbacks
looking in a box that gets
closed everything is so dramatic with
you you have a flare for it I've got a
flare for something you
are there he is there he
is I want you
set you could you could have his hat
I'll kill him for you thank you I mean
you can do it if you want too but I'll
I'll I'll chap
around yeah we'll get there and see what
happens okay that's yeah I know what
that is thank you I know how knives work
thank you oh fish why am I here why am i
e like the Wikipedia right
now oh Black Water
H I want to see what SES I want to say
hello to
s what what is this JY
Music
[Music]
World crew crew world I'm moving
on I've been living too fast and I've
been living
too cool world I'm
gone this big old world sure got me
running
do I hear a
there is that like a left channel is
that a
synthesizer or is that just a guitar
that's played really clean and I am hom
bound Cru CR such a smooth
guitar Cru Cru world I'm moving on
I've been living too fast and I've been
living too
wrong it almost sounded like a ro
hi strings are just muted I
[Music]
guess when I was going
to cuz I was thinking of doing a country
album at some point I was like I kind of
want to do
synthesizers in a country setting I
wonder what that would feel like
[Music]
desert is very
satisfied so much
pain now I see the eyes of a
girl no more no more crew
World crew
cre world I go
on cre world I'm mov
all I've been living too fast and I've
been living too wrong crew cre world I'm
gone
[Music]
dusty
trail saw a vapor
light was it a mirage I don't know but
it seemed right I felt Miss I felt trust
I knew that that I
must
Simpson world I go
on world I'm moving
all I've been living too fast and I've
been living too
wrong world I'm gone
[Music]
I don't think it's distorting I I think
you're just hearing the string buzz it's
like really
[Music]
satisfying I just need to get my base
set up but that needs that requires me
to like be awake in the daytime world
I'm moving
on I've been living too fast and I've
been
living damn it we could have had John's
first for
[Music]
F150 I don't know string buzz can be
very for F150 there you go string buzz
can be very a very pretty sound I
mean there are some instruments which
depend on string buzs to
operate okay easy
now skill issue
[Music]
good
girl now it feels like we're playing Red
Dead 2
again oh wait I still have
my for
you'll be okay
[Music]
who
now oh that house is built of course it
would be
[Music]
these days ain't
short and that house is BU too
do
morning hey I got a be somewhere how you
been friend
you
well I thought I told you to leave it
Bubba I thought to myself who this
little girl thinks she telling anything
to enjoy your drink in peace I ain't got
no business with you right now what that
mean for the last time
leave me
alone or
what
[__] get the hell out of here before she
kills us all you you get out of
here SE Maron back at it the again good
to see you oh yeah I thought I heard a
rumor you was
alive Jim
Milton guess I didn't do it real good
job of hiding my identity we didn't hear
nothing about you you you kill a feller
up by Rowan
Oak sure did I thought that sounded like
you and Abigail and Jack she she's
fine she was always so kind to me I'm
looking to buy us some property beat
hope lest of Blackwater I'm kind of a
farmer now and you oh you know how it is
bounties mostly and some other stuff
good and bad hey you any interest in
bounties no I've gone
straight sort
of sort of well it's legal usually
seual then maybe come on then what where
are we headed strawberry got on the run
from New York good price for him what'd
he do rob a bank with a gun no with a
pan he's an accountant I
think sounds easy come on we got a bit
of a ride I know we got a bit of a
monster your
telegram you said you had something to
discuss I didn't think we'd be chasing
down an outlaw there's something else
what M Micah I think so I heard of
someone sounded like him about a year
back okay we always say it if we found
him I know what we said we'd do that
ain't changed I didn't think I'd see any
of you again after you left for the
Yukon yeah we came back didn't strike it
rich as you can see but you're a Rancher
now I aim to be probably why I can't
afford
it this country's becoming real
civilized bad folk won't be around for
long
[Music]
board to Canada is on I'm not
super for one reason or another
[Music]
can I help you oh all right see what you
can find like I said Fell's name is
Nathan Kirk Banger bald 45 okay you hit
up that way I'll meet you in a
bit Z I mean to meet my friend in town
but I don't know where he's staying bald
New Yorker Nathan Kirk you know where he
is afraid I don't
know you seen
a you seen a bald New Yorker name of
Nathan Kirk about 45 no sir we get
plenty of New Yorkers here it's Resort
town you see the Adera of the West the
mayor calls it but I can't remember any
of the bastards okay ask in the general
store or the post office they tend to
know who's in residence for the season
as we say
season good Lord
excuse me friend I'm looking for a
Nathan Kirk fellow from New York got any
mail for him
Kirk Kirk no not so as I would
remember curlyy I think she's a
woman ask in the welcome s Center most
tourists check in there okay thank
you okay thank
you there you are he's staying in the
Welcome Center what now you head in
there and try to flush them out I'll go
get the horses and then wait here
and easy
enough you uh you seen a fella fella
from New York bald guy yeah a few New
Yorkers come here in search of the
West this one's a wanted man I work for
the
government sort
of his name's Nathan Kirk Mr Kirk but
he's so Charming is he staying here he's
uh up in room
three I'm going to go pay him a visit
it's government
business how
exciting okay
Mr
Kirk Mr Kirk you in there who is it it's
just a
friend just a friend come on open the
door I didn't do it I didn't do it
open the goddamn
door stop hey that's Nathan
C that's Nathan
C oh got him oh shut up come on jump
on let's go girl we got to get after him
remember we we want him alive though I
know let's ride he went
[Music]
right let's
go stay on him I'll catch up with you
where are you going [__]
[Music]
leave me
alone all these
trees we just want to that's a
lie you're back I won you're
monsters
scatter monsters
out all right
true
wow then come on and talk to
us what is wrong with you people
you got no
cause he's up on that horse
John you've got no right to do
this that changes things up for you what
you got
there he's loose
again now look what happened
hey get him
again how do you let him go I did can
you stop [__] around I'm I'm trying
I'm oh my
God caught myself a fine
steer get off of me time him up then
thanks for that Mr
Kirk real fun I'm an innocent man but
it's all a mistake my wife my wife is a
is a desperate woman how you married sir
none of your business what I am she made
me do it she broke me hey quiet now
where shall I send the money I ain't
been paid yet hold on to it for me need
to speak to the bank over in Black
Blackwater get a loan for the property
might make them happy to see I've got a
boss no I've got a couple of other leads
I could use your help with if you're
interested I'm usually at the saloon in
Blackwater I need money pretty bad
so I'll come find
you fairy
well what are you what is your name not
what what is your
name Rachel no your name is not Rachel
come
[Music]
come talk to me won't
you you don't you don't need to do that
ain't you a handsome fella now excuse me
but let's become
[Music]
friends it's all right
hey
[Music]
relax I'm
okay see I ain't too
heavy w
calm down I don't do anything hey we
ain't
done lady you're going
Inon hand back from the wagon please get
me out of this damn
cage he's a bad man but I was no part of
it you think you're the first woman to
use that L please just don't take me in
okay
[Applause]
relax thank
you C you may I know something you find
interesting my way of saying thanks my
fell told me the doctor in Valentine's
crooked as a dog's hind leg now
apparently he works with the old Drisco
boys yeah anyway thanks again I'm going
to get get on out of here keep your head
down don't trust anyone now go it's all
right
Ain you're a good boy
[Music]
D
said where is a
thing
oh I'll probably stop very soon by the
way yeah yeah
there's a boy there's a
boy we're
[Music]
okay just such a red horse
the input delay is like
negligible I don't really experience
that
[Music]
hey
boy it's a real business something worth
my time I don't you
[Music]
is
ain't good on a horse's knees to let him
get that fat if you want me to keep that
overnight there's room in the
stable come back soon that's a good
horse
hey good looking horse there I'm happy
to stable that for
you no papers huh well I can't give you
full price on account of that might be
stolen
[Music]
said thut no B thron
it you got
to please please
please no that's not you spell
it
oh yay his name is Miss bronut or
SL like
that that's a barrel thank you take that
come back and see
meic Cadence good work son
okay I'll do this one last job then I'm
out of the stream for
good
boy Apple come on
Fell that'll f a
[Music]
hole Mis
you'll be all right
mister it's actually Miz Ronette but
okay
I want more milk
gaming Apple
chump good fell
yeah I guess I'll settle down one of
these
days holy H the Hun is over kill
him don't mess
around
your he's easy picking just
shoot okay
fine don't
around the Skinner
brothers that's the guys with the circus
[Music]
oh good one oh good
one I don't know how to tell you this
John but that stringy meat you're
holding is like 5 years old
[Music]
but head
up good boy
[Music]
you're
learning find
Charity maybe charity will find
you same
guy ready for the
blind how long is the epilog
epilog part one and two
[Music]
presumably I miss Arthur
so this is blackw
[Music]
good evening
friend
[__]
said and I all
[Music]
aen
[Applause]
why is this place are
fancy have a nice
even when I start
this it's 900
p.m. you can see him
read so uh what's it be
yours
evening
call evening
[Music]
evening
Mister no I mean it was like just
daytime
out
how oh wow 8 hours of sleep that's
generous
[Music]
Town moves F fast in the big
city no C
hey partner
mister are you following
me y'all all right
then trying to go
downstairs why are you doing this
finish your good morning
friend table's growing
Moss easy Mister watch
out
yep sounds like I heard what you
heard well then
SM
Neely hello
there okay what are you
[Music]
selling don't really need that right
now much
appreciated should lighten my load sure
you can look but don't try
me everything's so expensive now
damn
inflation what are you waiting for
then I just want to buy [__] dude
ain't it time for you to leave yet
or oh my God
relax Miss B man c c over
G so loud and cracks and shot like VI
stock market crashes exchange your
free do you like an
issue I'll take one bye then
hey good morning to
you I don't think this newspaper's out
today someone's on the
up morning sir
open can't get
in I can still feel the damn splinters
in my Palms from chopping logs for the
fire good morning well what can you
do is is there a reason you're following
me
my excuse me sir can I can I help
you yeah I'm looking for Mr Atherton I'm
a friend of Mr Gettys over at Pronghorn
Ranch oh yeah Mr Aon is in his office
hey please head in thank you
yeah can I help you I hope so
I want a loan sir a line of credit so I
can buy some property what property an
Old Ranch beater
hope that old dump I know it ain't much
but I ain't much of a farmer either but
I will get there that is a very unusual
way of asking for a loan
Mr Marston Mar only folk around here
call me Milton it's kind of a joke I
guess a joke yeah and which folk Mr
Gettys I work for him he said that you
could help me out I mean if you can so
old David Getty's told you I'm the kind
of man to loan a man with two names
money so he can buy a rundown Farm on
account his lack of farming skills huh
don't sound too promising when you put
it like that well how would you put
it sorry to waste your time sir oh sit
down I'm sure we can figure something
out now of course we'll be expecting you
to make regular payments and given a
lack of much evidence you got any means
of repaying the terms won't be too great
but if my cousin vouches for you it'll
be okay with the bank really
absolutely thank you of course we'll be
expecting our money back regulars
Clockwork until the debt settled
otherwise the farm reverts to the bank
no matter how much you
paid I
understand that one should go check out
the land while I fix the contracts and
talk to Mr Gettys oh I heard there's
squatters up there we've been having so
many problems recently they'll need
clearing on sure come back when you're
done and we'll fix up the
paperwork Miss Ronette
this this is still
there oh my God this is still
there
okay
okay I think that's where I'll stop
stream now though let's let's see this
let's see this save
file we'll do it here why
not
63%
no
oh
okay
okay understood
[Music]
I I am cek
flow oh it's like 6:00
[Music]
a.m. you go to bed yeah probably
should okay I'm GNA leave now have a
good night have a good night good night
bye and uh thanks Fort stre guys more
more more some other
time by by Gooby gooby